This paper has been sent 
to you for good luck.  The original is in New England.

It has been around 
the world nine times.  The luck has now been sent to you.  You will
receive good luck 
within four days of receiving this letter provided you in turn send
it on.


This is no joke.  
You will receive good luck in the mail.  Send no money.  Send copies
to people you think 
need good luck.  Don't send money, as fate has no price.  
Do not
keep this letter.  
It must leave your hands within 96 hours.


An R.A.F. officer 
received $470.00.

Joe Elliot received 
$40,000.00 and lost it because he broke the chain.


While in the Phillipines 
Gene Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving the letter.
However, before 
her death he received $7,755,000.00, and lost that too because he failed
to circulate the 
letter. 

  Please send twenty copies and see what happens in four days.  The
chain comes from
Venezuela and was 
written by Saul Anthony DeGroot, a missionary from South Africa.
You must make twenty 
copies and send them out.  After a few days you will get a surprise.
This is true, even 
if you are not superstitious.


Do note the following.  
Constantine Dias received the chain in 1953.  He asked his 
secretary to make 
twenty copies and send them out.  A few days later he won a lottery
of two million
dollars.  Carlo Dadditt, an office employee, received the letter and
forgot it had to 
leave his hands within 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later he found
the letter again, 
mailed twenty copies, and got a better job.  Dylan Fairchild received
the letter, and 
not believing, threw the letter away.  Nine days later he died.

In 1987 the letter 
received by a young woman in California was very faded and barely
readable. 
She promised she would retype the letter and send it on, but she, too, put
it aside.  
She was plagued with various problems including very expensive car repairs.
The letter did
not leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally retyped the letter as
promised, and got 
a new car.

Remember, send no money.  Do not ignore 
this.  St. Jude.  It works.