WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE  This paper has been sent to you for GOOD LUCK. The original
is in England. It has been around the world 9 times. The luck has now been
sent to you. You will receive good luck within 4 days of receiving this letter
provided you in turn send it out.  This is not a joke. You will receive good luck in the 
mail. Send no money. Send copies to people you think need good luck. Do not 
send money as fate has no pride. Do not keep this letter. It must leave your 
hands within 96 hours.  An R.A.F. Officer received $470,000.  Joe Elliott received $40,000 and lost it because he 
broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost his wife 61
days after receiving the letter. He failed to circulate the letter. However 
before her death, he received $17,760,000.  Please send 20 copies and see what happens in 4 days. 
The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by St. Anthony De Group, a 
missionary from South America. Since the copy must tour the world, you must 
make 20 copies and sent them out to friends and associates. After a few days 
you will get a surprise, this is true!! Even if you're not superstitious.
 Do note the following: Constantine Dias received the 
chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out. 
A few days later he won the lottery of $2,000,000. Carole Dadditt, an office 
employee received the letter and forgot it had to leave her hands in 96 hours. 
She lost her job. Later, after finding the letter again, she mailed 20 copies.
 A few days later, she got a better job. Dalan Fairchild received the letter,
 and not believing, threw the letter away. Nine days later, she died.
 In 1987, the letter was received by a young woman in 
California. It was very faded and barely readable. She promised herself she 
would retype the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do later. 
She was plagued with various problems, including expensive car repairs. The 
letter did not leave her hands for 96 hours. She finally typed the letters, 
as promised, and mailed them and she got a new car.  Remember, send no money. Do not ignore this letter.
 St. Jude  It Works  