WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE  This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The
original is in New England. 
It has been around the world nine times. The luck has now been sent to
you. 
You will receive good luck within four days, of receiving this letter -
pro- 
viding you, in turn, send it on. 
This is not a joke. You will receive good luck in the mail. SEND NO MONEY.
As 
fate has no price. Do not keep this letter. It must leave your hands within

96 hours. 
An R.A.P. officer received $470,000. Joe Elliot received $40,000. but
lost it 
because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost
his wife 
51 days later after receiving this letter. He had failed to circulate the

letter. However, before his death he received $7,755,000.  Please send twenty copies and see what happens in four
days. The chain comes 
form Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthone Be Croup, a missionary from

South Africa. Since the copy must tour the world, you must make twenty
copies 
and send them to friends and associates. After a few days you will get
a sur- 
prise - this is true! Even if you are not superstitious. 
DO NOTE the following: Constantine Dias received the chain in 1963. He
asked 
his secretary to make twenty copies and send them out.  A few days
he won the 
lottery of two million dollars. Carlo Dadditt, an afficer employee, received

the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost
his 
job. Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty copies. A
few 
days he got a better job. Dalan Fairchild received the letter and not
be- 
lieving threw the letter away - nine days later he died.  In 1987, the letter received by a young woman in California
was very faded and 
barely readable. She promised herself that she would retype the letter,
and 
send it on, but she put it aside to do it later. She was plagued with
various 
problems including expensive car repairs. The letter did not leave her
hands 
within 96 hours. She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new
car.  REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY. Send 20 letters. Do not ignore
this! 
                                                                                  
ST. JUDE                                                                                                              
IT WORKS! 