With Love All Things Are Possible This paper has been sent to you for GOOD LUCK. The
original is 
in New England. It has been sent around the world nine 
times. The luck has been sent to you. You will receive good 
luck within four days of receiving this letter, provided you in 
turn send it on. This is no joke. You will receive good luck in 
the mail. Send no money, as fate has no price. Do not keep 
this letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours. A 
United States Air Force officer received $470,000.00, whereas 
John A. Elliot received $40,000.00 and lost it because he broke 
the chain. While in the Philippines, Gene Helch lost his wife 
51 days after receiving this letter. He failed to circulate the 
letter, however, before he lost his wife he received 
$7,500,000.00 Please send twenty copies and see what 
happens after four days.  The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul

DeCropp, a missionary from South America. Since the copy 
must tour the world, you must make twenty copies and send 
them to friends and associates. After a few days you will get a 
surprise. This is true even if you are not superstitious. Do 
note, the following: Constantine Dids received this chain in 
1953. He asked his secretary to make twenty copies, and send 
them out. A few days later he won the lottery of 2,000,000.00. 
Carlos Daddis, an office employee, received the letter and 
forgot that it had to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost 
his job. Later after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty 
copies, a few days later he got a better job. Blaine Fairchild 
received the letter and not believing, he threw the letter 
away. Nine days later he died. In 1982 the letter was received 
by a woman in California. It was very faded and barely 
readable. She promised herself that she would retype the 
letter and send it on, but she set it aside to do later. She was 
plagued with various problems, including expensive car 
repairs. The letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours. 
She finally typed the letter as promised and got a brand new 
car.  REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY, DO NOT SIGN THIS.  IT
WORKS.                                                                      
ST. JUDE