"TRUST IN THE LORD WITH ALL YOUR HEART AND HE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE
AND 
HE WILL LIGHT THE WAY"      This prayer has been sent 
 to you for good luck.  The original 
copy is from the Netherlands.  It has been around the world
 nine times. 
The luck has now been brought to you.  You will receive good 
 luck within 
four days of receiving this letter provided you in turn send it 
back  off. 
This is no joke.  You will receive it in the mail.  Send 
 copies of this 
letter to people you think need good luck.  Do not send money, 
 for the 
faith has no price.  Do not keep this letter.  It must
 leave your hands 
within 90 hours after you receive it.  An RAF Officer received
  $70,000.00 
Joe Elliot received $400,00.00 and lost it because he broke the 
chain. 
While in the Phillipines General Welen lost his life six days after 
 he 
received the letter.  He failed to circulate the prayer. 
  However before his 
death he received $775,00.00.  Please send out 20 copies to
 see what 
happens to you on the fourth day.  This chain comes from Venezuela 
 and 
was written by Saul Anthony DeCalif a missionary from South America.

I Myself now forward it to you since this chain must make a tour
 of the 
world.  You must make 20 copies identical to his one and send 
 it to your 
friends parents or associates.  After a few days you will
receive  a 
suprise.  This is true even if you are not superstitious. 
  Take note of 
the following. 
     Constantine Dias received the chain in 
1953.   He asked his 
secretary to make 20 copies and send them.  A few days later 
 he won a 
lottery in his country for $2,000.000.00.  Carlo Raditt, an
 office 
employee received the chain.  He forgot it and a few days
later  lost his 
job.  He found the chain letter and sent 20 copies and five
 days later 
he got a better job.  Dalin Nairchild received the cahin and 
 not 
believing in it threw it away five days later he died.
      For no reason what so ever
should this chain be broken.       Remember No Money

Please do not ignore this.  It does work.