With love all things are possible.  This paper has been sent to you
for good luck. The original is in
New England.  It has been sent around
the world nine times.  The luck has been sent to you.  You will
receive good luck within four days of receiving
this letter, provided, in turn, you send it on.  This is
no joke. You will receive good luck in the
mail.  Send no money.  Send copies to people who you
think need good luck.  Do not send
money, as faith has no price.  Do not keep this letter.  It
must leave your hands within 96 hours. 
An RAF officer received $470,000.  Joe Elliott
received $40,000 and lost it because he
broke the chain.  While in the Phillippines, George Welsch
lost his wife 51 days after receiving the
letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.  However, before his
death he received $7,770,000.  Pleased
send twenty copies and see what happens in four days.  The
chain comes from Venezuela and was written
by Saul Anthony DeGrou, a missionary from South
Africa.  Since this copy must tour
the world, you must make twenty copies and send them to friends
and associates.  After a few days you
will get a surprise; this is true even if you are not
superstitious.  Do note the following: 
Constantine Dias received the chain in 1953.  He won the 
lottery of two million dollars. Carl Daddit,
an office employee, received the letter and forgot it
had to leave his hands within 96 hours. 
He lost his job.  Later, after finding the letter again, he
mailed 20 copies.  A few days later,
he received a better job.  Daian Fairchild received the letter
and, not believing, threw the letter away. 
Nine days later he died.  In 1987 the letter was received
by a woman in California.  It was faded
and barely readable.  She promised herself she would retype
the letter and send it on, but she put it
aside to do later.  She was plagued by various problems,
including expensive car repairs.  The
letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours.  She finally
typed the letter and she got a new car.

REMEMBER, SEND
NO MONEY.  DO NOT IGNORE THIS.   IT WORKS!!!

                                                                          
             St. Jude