WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE 
   This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original is in New 
England.  It has been around the world nine times.  The
luck has been 
sent on to you.  You will receive good luck within four days
of recei- 
ving this letter.  Provided, in turn, you send it on.  This
sis no joke. 
You will receive good luck!  Send no money.  Send copies
to people you 
think need good luck.  Do not send money as faith has no price. 
Do not 
keep this letter, it must leave your hands within 96 hours.  An
RAF of- 
ficer received $470,000.  While in the Philipines, George Welch
lost 
his wife 51 days after receiving the letter.  He had failed to
circu- 
late the letter, however, before her death, he received $7,755,000.  
Joe 
Elliot received $40,000 and lost it because he broke the chain.  
Please 
send 20 copies and see what happens in four days.  The chain
comes from 
Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony DeGraou, a missionary
from 
South America.  Since this copy must tour the world, you must
make 20 
copies and send them to friends and associates.  After a few
days you 
will get a suprise (this is true even if you are superstitious).  
Do note 
the following: 
Constantine Dias received the chain in 1953; he asked his secretary 
to 
make 20 copies and send them.  A few days later, he won a lottery
of two 
million dollars.  Carlos Daddit, and office employee, received 
the let- 
ter and forgot it has to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost
his 
job.  Later after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty copies.
A 
few days later he got a better job.  Deian Fairchild received 
the letter 
and not believing, he threw the letter away.  Nine days later
he died.  In 
1967, the letter was recived by a young woman in California; it was
badly 
faded and barely readable.  She promised herself she would retype
the let- 
ter and send it on, but she put it aside to do it later.  She
was plagued 
with various problems including expensive car repairs, as the letter
did 
not leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter
as promised 
and got a new car.  Remember, send no money.  Dont ignore this
letter!  It works                                
St. Jude 
