"TRUST IN THE LORD WITH ALL YOUR HEART AND WILL 
ACKNOWLEDGE AND HE WILL LIGHT THE WAY"      This prayer has been sent
 to you for good luck. The 
original copy is from the Netherlands. it has been around

the world nine times. The luck has now been brought to yuo.

You will receive good luck within four days of receiving

this letter provided you in turn send it back out. THIS IS

NO JOKE. You will receive it in the mail. Send copies of

this letter to people you think need good luck. DO NOT

SEND MONEY for the fate has no price on it. Do not keep this

letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours after you

receive it. 
     A RAF officer received $70,000. Joe Elliot
 received 
$4,000,000 and lost it because he broke the chain. While

in the philippines, General Welch lost his life six days

after he received this letter. He failed to circulate the

prayer, however, before his death he received $775,000.

Please send out 20 copies to see what happens to you on the

fourth day. This chain comes from Venezuela and was written

by Saul Anthony de Cadir, a missionary from South America.

I myself now foreward it to you. Since this chain must make

a tour of the world, you must make 20 copies identical to

this one and send it to your friends, parents or associates.

After a few days, you will get a surprise. This is true even

if you are not superstitious. Take note of the following:

Constantine Dias received the chain in 1953. He asked his

secretary to make 20 copies and send them. A few days later

he won a lottery for $2,000,000 in his country. Carlo Raditt,

an office employee, received the chain. He forgot it and a

few days later, lost his job. He found the chain letter and

sent it to twenty people. Five days later he got an even

better job. Dolin Fairchild received the chain and not

believing in it threw it away. Nine days later he died.

For no reason whatsoever should this chain be broken. 
    
     REMEMBER: NO MONEY!! 
PLEASE DON'T IGNORE THIS! IT DOES WORK!