WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original is in New 
England.  It has been around the world nine times.  The
luck has been sent 
to you.  You will receive good luck within four (4) days of receiving
this 
letter, provided you in turn send it on.  This is no joke.  You will receive good luck
in the mail.  Send no money. 
Send copies to people you think need good luck.  Don't send money
as fate 
has no price.  Do not keep this letter - - it must leave your
hands within 
96 days.  An R.A.F. Officer received $70,000.00.  Joe
Elliott received $40,000.00 and 
lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost his wife
six days after receiving 
the letter.  He had failed to circulate the letter.  However,
before her 
death he received $7,755,000.00.  Please send twenty (20) copies
and see 
what happens in four (4) days.  The chain comes from Venezuela 
and was 
written by Saul Anthony De Croup, a missionary from South Africa.  
Since 
the copy must tour the world, you must make (20) copies and send them
to 
friends and associates.  After a few days, you will get a surprise. 
This 
is true even if you are not superstitious.  Do note the following: 
Constantine Diaz received the chain in 1953.  He asked his secretary
to 
make twenty copies and send them all out.  A few days later, he
won a 
lottery of $2,000,000.00.  Cario Daddit, an office employee received the letter
and forgot it had to 
leave his hands in 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later, after
finding the 
letter again, he mailed twenty copies.  A few days later, he
got a better 
job!  Dilan Fairchild received the letter and not believing,
threw it away.  Nine 
days later he died.  In 1987, the letter received by a young woman in
California was very faded 
and barely readable.  She promised herself that she would retype
the letter 
and send it on, but she put it aside to do it later.  She was
plagued with 
various problems, including expensive car repairs, the letter did
not leave 
her hands in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as promised
and got a 
new car.  So please think about this.  .  .

Good Luck!!!                            
REMEMBER SEND NO MONEY                              
DO NOT IGNORE THIS 
                           
ST. JUDE -- IT WORKS