Kiss someone you love when you get this letter and
make magic.  With Love all things are possible.  This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original is in New England.  It has been around the world nine times.  
The luck has been sent to you.  You will receive good luck withing four
days of receiving this letter and you must, in turn, send luck.  this
is no joke.  Send no money, as fate has no price.  Do not keep
this letter.  It must leave your hands within 96 hours.  A Pan Am officer received $470,000.  Joe Elliot
received $70,000 and lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the
Philippines, Carl Walsh lost his wife six days after receiving this letter. 
He failed to circulate the letter.  However, before her death, he received 
$2,775,000.  Please send 20 copies and see what happens within four days.
 The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul
Anthony DeGroup, a missionary from South America.  Since the copy must
tour the world, you must make 20 copies and send them out.  Send them
to friends and associates.  After a few days, you will get a surprise. 
This is true.  Even if you are superstitious, do the following.
 Constantine Diaz received the chain in 1953. 
He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out.  A few days
later, he won the lottery of $2,000,000.  Carl Baddit, an office worker,
received the letter and  forgot it had to leave his hand within 96 hours.  
He lost his job.  Dolan Fairchild received the chain and not believing 
threw the letter away.  Nine days later, he died.  In 1987, the letter was received by a young woman in
California.  It was faded and barely readable.  She promised herself
that she would retype the letter, and send it out, but she put it aside. 
She was plagued with various problems.  The letter did not leave her
hands within 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as promised, and
got  a new car.  Send no money, but do not ignore this letter. 
It works.                                            
*Saint Jude*