"And all things, whatsoever 
                    
 ye shall ask in prayer, 
                    
 believeing, ye shall receive." 
                        
 (Matthew 21:22) 
   This quote has been sent to you for good luck. The
original is 
from the Netherlands. It has been around the world 9 times.

The luck has now been brought to YOU. You will receive good luck

within 6 days of receiving this letter, provided you, in return,

send it back out. THIS IS NO JOKE. You will receive it in the mail.

Send copies of this letter to people you think need good luck.

Do not send money, for fate has no price tag on it. DO NOT KEEP THIS

LETTER. It must leave your hand 96 hours after you receive it.

An R.A.F. officer received $70,000.00 after he sent his letters

out.Joe Elliot received $650,000.00 and lost it because he broke

the chain. While in the Phillippines, General Welch lost his

life 6 days after he recieved this letter. He failed to circulate

this quote. However, before his death, he received $75,000.00.

Please send 20 copies of this letter and see what happens to you

on the sixth day. This chain comes from Venezuela and was written

by Saul Anthony DeVoid, a missionary from South America. I, myself,

forwarded this to you. But it is sent anonymous to you. Since this

chain makes a tour of the world, you must make 20 identical copies,

send it to your friends, relatives, and associates. After a few days,

you will get a surprise.This is true even if you are not superstitious.
 Take note of the following:
 Constantine Xus received the chain in 1959. He asked
his secretary 
to make 20 copies and send them out. After a few days he won the

lottery for $2,000,000.00 in his country. Carol Naditt, an officer

employee, received the chain and forgot about it. A few days later

he lost his job. He found the chain letter and sent it out to 20

people the next day. Five days later he got an even better job.
 For no reason should this chain be broken.
 Remember, send no money... Please do not ignore 
it. It works.                              
 A Friend