Kiss someone you love when you get
this letter and make magic. With love, all things are possible. This paper
has been sent to you for good luck. The original is in New England. It has
been around the world nine times. The luck has been sent to you. You will
receive good luck within four days of receiving this letter and YOU MUST,
in turn, send luck. This is no joke. Send NO MONEY. Send copies of this letter
to people you think need luck. Send no money, as fate has no price. Do not
keep this letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours.        A Pan Am Officer
received $470,000. Joe Elliot received $70,000 and lost it because he broke
the chain. While in the Philippines, Cane Walsh lost his wife six days after
he broke the chain. He failed to circulate the letter. However, before her
death, he received $7,775. Please send 20 copies and see what happens within
four days.         The chain comes
from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony Legroup, a missionary from
South America. Since the copy must tour the world, you must make 20 copies
and send them to friends and associates. This is true. Even if you are not
superstitious, do the following.  Constantine Diaz received the chain in 1953. He asked
his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out. A few days later, he won
the lottery of $ 2,000,000. Cairo Badain, an officer worker, received the
letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost his
job. Dolan Fairchild received the chain and, not believing, threw the letter
away. Nine days later he died. In 1987, the letter was received by a young
woman in California. It was faded and barely readable. She promised herself
that she would retype the letter and send it out, but she put it aside. She 
was plagued with various problems. The letter did not leave her hands within 
96 hours. She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car.
        Send NO MONEY,
but do not ignore this letter.  It works.                                                                                             
SAINT JUDE