** KISS SOMEONE YOU LOVE 
WHEN YOU GET THIS LETTER 
AND MAKE MAGIC **           
This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The original is in New England. 
It has been sent around the world nine times. This luck has now been sent
 to you. You will receive good luck within four days of receiving this letter
 - provided you in turn send it on.            
This is no joke. You will receive good luck in the mail. Send no money. Send 
copies to people you think need good luck. Don't send money as fate has no 
price. DO NOT keep this letter -- it must leave your hands within 96 hours.
           
An Air Force officer received $70,000. Joe Elliot received $40,000 and lost 
it because he broke the chain. While in the Phillipines, Gene Welsh lost his
wife, 51 days after receiving the letter -- he failed to circulate it. However,
before her death she won $50,000,000 in the lottery. The money was transferred
to him, four days after he decided to mail the letter.            
Please send TWENTY copies and see what happens in four days. The chain comes 
from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony DeGroff, a missionary from 
South Africa. Since the copy must tour the world, you must make twenty copies 
and send them to friends and associates. After a few days, you will receive 
a surprise - even if you are not superstitious.            
Constatine Dias received the chain in 1963. He asked his secretary to make 
twenty copies and send them out. A few days later he won the lottery to two 
million dollars. Andy Dodd, an office employee, received this letter and forgot
it had to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost his job. Later, finding
the letter again, he mailed twenty copies. A few days later he got a better
job. Dalon Fairchild received the letter and not believing, threw the letter
away. Nine days later he was dead.            
In 1987, the letter received by a young woman in California was very faded 
and barely readable. She promised herself that she would re- type the letter 
and send it on, but she put it aside to do later. She was plagued with various 
problems, including expensive car repairs. The letter did not leave in 96 
hours. She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car.
 REMEMBER: Send NO MONEY. Do NOT Ignore This.
                                                  
 WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE