Magic  Kiss someone you love when you get this letter and
make magic.  This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original is in New England.  It has been sent around the world nine
times.  The luck has been sent to you.  You will receive good luck
in four days.  This is not a joke.  You will receive good luck in the mail.  Send
no money.  Send copies to people who you think need good luck. 
Do not send cash, as fate has no  price.  Do not keep this letter
it must leave your hands in 96 hours.    An air force officer received $70 000. 
Joe Elliot received $ 40 000 and   lost it because he broke the
chain.  While in the Philippines, Jean Welch lost his wife 6 days after
receiving this letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.  However
before her death she won $50 000 in the lottery.  The money transferred
to him 4 days after he decided to mail the letter.  Please send 20 copies 
of this letter and see what happens after 4 days.  The chain comes from
South America and was written by Samuel Adams Pierce, a missionary from South
America.  Since a copy must 
make a tour of the world, you must make 20 copies and send them to your
friends and associates.  After a few days you will receive a surprise,
even if your not superstitious.  Note the following, Constantine Deis received the chain
in 1963.  He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out,
a few days later he won the lottery for 20 million dollars.  Andy Dodd,
an office employee received this letter and forgot it had to leave his hands
in 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later finding the letter again
he mailed 20   copies.  A few days later he got a better job.  
Dallon Fairchild received the letter and not believing threw it away.  
Nine days later he died.  In 1987 the letter received by a young woman in California,
was faded and barely readable.  She promised herself that she would
retype the letter and send it on, but she set it aside to do it later. 
She was plague with various problems, including extensive car problems. 
The letter did not leave within 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter 
as she promised and got a new car.  Please send no money. 
Do not ignore!  It works. 
GOOD LUCK is coming your way! 
With love all things are possible.