'IN LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE'          
This letter has been sent to you for good luck. The original is in New England.
It has been around the world nine times. The luck has been sent to you. You 
will receive good luck within four days of receiving this letter, provided 
you in turn send it on. This is no joke. You will receive good luck in the
mail. Send no money. Send copies to people think need good luck.Do not send
money as faith has no price.Do not keep this letter. It must leave your hands
within 96 hours. An RAF officer received $470,000.00. Joe Elliot received
$40,000 and lost it because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines George
Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving this letter. However, before
her death, he received $7,775,000.00. Please send 20 copies and see what
happens in four days. The chain comes from Venezuala and was written by Saul
Anthony De Crou, a missionary from South America. Since this copy must tour
the world, you must make 20 copies and send them to friends and associates.
After a few days, you will get a surprise. This is true even if you are not
superstitious. Do not do the following: Constantine Dias received the chain
letter. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them. A few days
later, she won the lottery (2million dollars) . Carlo Deddit, an office employee
received the letter and forgot it had been in his hands 96 hours. He lost
his job. Later after finding the letter again, he made 20 copies. A few days
later he got a better job. Delan Fairchild received the letter,and not beleiving,
he threw it away: nine days later he died. The 1987 letter received by a
young woman in California; it was very faded and barley readable. She promised
herself she would retype the letter and send it on,but set put it aside to
do later. She was plagued with various problems, including expensive car
repairs. The letter did not leave her hands for 96 hours. She finally typed
the letters promised and got a new car.      Remember, SEND NO MONEY. Do not
ignore this.It works.                                                      
ST. JUDE 