Trust the Lord with all your heart, and all will 
 acknowledge and he will light your way.    This prayer has been sent to you for good 
 luck. The original copy came from the Netherlands. It has been around the 
 world nine times. The luck has been sent to you. You are to receive good 
luck within four days of receiving this letter. It is no joke. You will receive 
 it in the mail.    Send twenty copies of this letter to people 
 you think need good luck. Please do not send money. Do not keep this letter. 
 It must leave within ninety-six hours after you receive it. A.P.S. Officer 
 received $70,000. Dan Elliat received $60,000, but he lost it because he 
broke the chain. He failed to circulate this prayer. However, before his death
he received $175,000, which he won.    Please send twenty copies and see what happens 
 on the fourth day after. Add your name to the bottom of this list, and leave 
 the top name off when circulating this letter.  Red Thinlay        
 A.S. Robbie       G. Mazliach 
William Breedkin   Perek R. Ward    
  G. Jean Marie 
John Ecconomistes  V. R. Stasuk     
  Lise V. Plouffe 
C.V. Evans         T.A. 
Knight        D. Couture 
A. Payne          
  Frank Davignon    S. Fortier 
Donald C. Henley   W.R. Tetreault    S.
 Cassat 
M.I. Maeen         R.F. 
Hider         J. Colombo
 This chain comes from Venezuela, was written by 
 St. Aptime de Cadla, a missionary from South America.    Since this chain must take a tour of the 
 world, you must make twenty copies identical to this one and send it to your
 friends, parents or acquaintances and after a few days you will get a surprise.
 This is true even if you are not superstitious; take note of the following:
   Constantine Dios received the chain in 1953. 
 He asked his secretary to make twenty copies and send them. A few days later 
 he won the lottery of $2,000,000.    Garlos Psandk, an office employee, received 
 this chain. He forgot it and lost it. A few days later he lost his job. He
 found the chain and sent twenty copies. Nine days later he got a better job.
   Zarin Berrachille received the chain. Not 
 believing it, he threw it away. Nine days later he died for no reason.
   Make twenty copies and send them. In nine 
 days you will get a surprise.