"Trust in the Lord with all good faith and He will acknowledge
and He will light the way."     This prayer has been sent to you for good luck. The 
original copy is from the Netherlands. It has been around the world 9 times. 
This luck has now been brought to you. You will receive good luck within 4
days of receiving this letter, provided you in turn send it back out. THIS 
IS NO JOKE. You will receive it in the mail. Send copies of this letter to 
people you think need good luck. DO NOT SEND MONEY, for fate has no price 
on it. Do not keep this letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours after
your receive it.  An RAF officer received $70,000. Joe Dilliot received 
$450,000 and lost it because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines, 
General Welch lost his wife six days after he received the letter. He failed 
to circulate the prayer. However, before his death he received $775,000. Please
send 20 copies and see what happens to you on the 4th day.  This chain comes from Venezuela, and was written by 
Saul Anthony or Caoii, a missionary from South America. I myself forward it
to you. Since the chain must make the tour of the world, you must make 20
copies identical to this one. Send it to your friends, parents, or to others.
After a few days you will receive a surprise. This is true even if you are
not superstitious.  Take more of the following. Constantine Dias received 
the chain, in 1953. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them. 
A few days later , he won a lottery for $2,000,000. in his country. Caro Deditt,
an office employee, received the chain, he forgot it and a few days later
lost his job. He found the chain letter and sent it to 20 people. Five  days
later he got an even better job. Belon Fairchild received the chain and, not
believing it, threw it away. Nine days later he died. For no reason whatsoever 
should this chain be broken.  Remember send no money. PLEASE DO NOT IGNORE THIS. IT
WORKS. May you continue to be encircled in gold.  