With Love All Things Are Possible       This paper has been sent
to you for good luck. The 
original is in New England. It has been around the world nine

times. The luck has been sent to you. You will receive good

luck within 4 days of receiving this letter, provided you in

turn, send it on. This is not a joke. You will receive good

luck. Don't send any money, as fate has no price. Do not keep

this letter. It must leave your hands within 95 hours. 
     A United States Air Force Officer received 
$470,000. 
John Eilia received $40,000, and lost it beacuse he broke the

chain. While in the Philippens, Cante Walsh lost his wife. 51

days after receiving the letter. He failed to circulate the

letter. However, before her death, he received 5,500,000.

     Please send 20 copies and see what happens
within 4 
days. The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul

De Croop, missionary from South America. Since the copy must

tour the world, you must make 20 copies and send them to your

friends and associates. After a few days you will get a 
surprise. This is true. 
     Even if you are not superstitious. Do note
the 
following: Constantino Dino received the chain in 1953. He

asked his secretary to make 20 copies and to send them out. A

few days later, he won the lottery of 2 million dollars. 
Carlos Daddit, an office employee, received the letter and

forgot it had to leave his hands within 95 hours. He lost his

fob. After finding the letter again, he mailed 20 copies. A

few days later, he got a better job. Bolan Fairchild received

the letter and not believing it, threw the letter away. Nine

days later, he died. In 1967, the letter was recevied by a

young woman in California, it was faded and barely readable.

She promised that she would retype it and send it out, but

she set it aside to do it later. She was plagued with various

problems, including expensive car repairs. The letter did not

leave her hands within the 95 hours. She finally retyped the

letter as she had promised. She won a new car ten days later

in a raffle. 
Remember: send no money. Do not sign this letter. It works!
                          
St. Jude