WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original is in New 
England.  It has been around the world nine times.  The
luck has now been 
sent to you.  You will receive good luck within four days of
receiving 
this letter--provided you, in return, send it on.  This is no joke.  You will receive good luck
in the mail.  Send no money. 
Send copies to people you think need good luck.  Don't send money
as fate 
has no price.  Do not keep this letter -- it has to leave your
hands in 96 hours.  An R.A.F. Officer received $470,000.00 dollars. 
Joe Elliott received 
$40,000.00 and lost it because he broke the chain.
 While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost his wife
six days after re- 
ceiving the letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.  
However, before 
her death he received $7,755,000.00.  Please send twenty copies and see what happens
in four days.  The chain 
comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony De Group a Mission-

ary from South America. Since the copy must tour the world, you must
make 
twenty copies and send them out to friends and associates.  After
a few 
days you will get a surprise -- this is true!  Even if you are
not super- 
stitious!.  Do note the following:  Constantine Dias received
the chain in 1953. He 
asked his secretary to make twenty copies and sent them out.  
A few days 
later he won lottery of two million dollars.  Carlo-Dadditt, an
office 
employee received the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands
in 96 
hours.  He lost his job.  Later after finding the letter
again, he mailed 
twenty copies.  A few days later he got a better job.  Dalan
Fairchild 
received the letter and not believing threw the letter away: nine
days 
later he died.  In 1967, the letter received by a young woman in
California was faded 
and barely readable.  She promised herself that she would retype
the 
letter and set it aside to do later.  She was plagued by various
pro- 
blems.  Including expensive car repairs.  The letter did
not leave her 
hands in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as promised and
got 
a new car.  Remember send NO money.  Do NOT
ignorethis! 
                                             
St Jude 
                                          
It works 