Saint Antoine's This chain that comes from Venezuela is written 
by Saint Antoine de Sidi, a 
missionary from South America. Since this chain must take a tour
of the world, you 
must make 20 copies identical to this one, send it to your friends,
 parents, or 
acquaintances.  After a few days you will get a surprise. 
 Constantine Disco received 
the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary tomake 24 copies and send 
them. A few days 
later he won the lottery of 2,000,000 dollars in his country. 
 Carlos Brandt, an 
officeworker, received the chain.  He forgot it and lost it.  
A few days later he lost 
his job.  He found the letter and sent out 24 copies and nine 
days later he got a 
better job.  Zerin Berreskelli received the chain.  He
did not believe in it and threw 
it away.  Nine days later he died.  Ken Friedman, anartist 
tried the chain, within nine 
days he received a great deal of help on two projects and a major 
exhibition in a big 
museum.  He added these facts to the second chain he received,
 which he promptly sent 
out, again.  Frequently people have received money.  Don 
Elliot got $68,00 but lost 
it because he broke the chain.  Henrik Have received a great 
message nine days after 
he received this letter.  General Walsh received the letter
inthe Phillipines, 
received $7,775,000 but six days later lost his life because he failed 
to circulate 
the chain.                 
 For no reason should this chain be broken. 
               
 A Prayer: "Trust in the Lord with all your heart and all 
                          
 will acknowledge that He will light your way."  This prayer has been sent to you for good luck.  
The original copy came from the 
xxxxxxxxxxx Netherlands .  It has been around the world ten
times.  Theluck has been 
to you, you are to receive the good luck four days after receiving
 this letter.  It 
is not a joke, you will receive it in the mail. Send 20 copies of 
this letter to 
people you think need good luck.  Please do not send money. 
 Do not keep this letter. 
It must leave within four days after you receive it.  Add your 
name to the bottom of 
this and leave off the top name, when copying this letter you may 
add information 
about what happened if you ever received this chain before.
                 
 Edna Rohom                
 Tony Santosus 
                
 Aileen H. Poyce           
 Theresa Aillery 
                
 Susan L. Posenberg         Jak Killeffer

                
 Kathy Fridinaf            
 Sarah Salent 
                
 Ray Noble                 
 Susie Whitman 
                
 Paul Murphy               
 Lynn Rondos 
                                           
 Sandy Wilks 
                                           
 David E. Mcnarama 
                                           
 xxxxxx Kendall T. Reische 
                                           
 Charles Meadows