KISS SOMEONE YOU LOVE 
WHEN YOU GET THIS LETTER AND MAKE MAGIC This paper has been sent to you for GOOD LUCK.
The original is in New England. It has been around the world nine times.
The luck has now been sent to you. You will receive good luck within four
(4) days of receiving this letter .. provided you in turn send it on.
 This is no joke. You will receive good luck in the
mail. Send no money. Send copies to people you think need good luck. Don't
send money, as fate has no price. Do not keep this letter - it must leave
your hands within 96 hours.  An Air force officer received $70,000. Joe Elliot received
$40,000 and lost it because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines,
Gene Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving the letter. He failed to
circulate the letter. However, before her death, she won $50,000 in the lottery. 
The money within transferred to him four days after he decided to mail this
letter.  Please send 20 copies and see what happens in four
days. The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony DoGroff,
a missionary from South America. Since the copies must tour the world, you
must make 20 copies and send them to friends and associates. After a few
days, you will receive a surprise - even if you are not superstitious.
 Do note the following:  Constantine Dias received the chain in 1963. He asked
his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out. A few days later, he won
the lottery of two million dollars.  Andy Dodd, an office employee, received the letter
and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours . He lost his job. Later,
finding the later again, he mailed 20 copies. A few days later he got a better 
job.  Karen Fairchild received the letter and not believing,
threw the letter away. Nine days later she died.  In 1987, the letter was received by a young woman in
California. It was a very faded copy and barely readable. She promised herself
that she would retype the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to
do later. She was plagued with various problems, including expensive car
repairs. The letter did not leave within 96 hours. She finally typed the
letter as promised and got a new car.  
REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY 
DON'T IGNORE THIS 
WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE