Saint Jude
Kiss someone you love when you get this letter and 
make magic. 
With love ALL things are possible.
 This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The original
is in England. It has been around the world nine times. The luck has been
sent to you.   You will receive good luck within four days of 
receiving this letter, provided you send it out. This is no joke. Send no 
money. Send copies to people you think need luck. Don't sent money. Fate has
no price. Do not keep this letter; it must leave your hands within 96 hours.
 An R.A.H Officer received $470,000. Joe Elliot received 
$10,000, and lost it because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines, 
Gene Wall lost his wife 10 days after receiving the letter; he failed to circulate
the letter. However, before her death he received $70,000.  Please send copies and see what happens in four days. 
The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saint Anthony Degroup, a
missionary from South America. The copy must tour the world. You must make 
20 copies and send them to friends and associates. After a few days, you will
get a surprise. This is true. Even if you are not superstitious.
 Do note the following: Contantidens received the chain 
in 1953. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out. A few 
days later he won the lottery of $2,000,000. Carl Dadit, an office employee, 
received the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours. 
He lost his job. Delan Fairchild received the letter and not believing, threw 
the letter away. Nine days later he died. In 1987, the letter was received
 by a young woman in California. It was faded and barely readable. She promised
 herself she would retype the letter and send it out, but she put if off
to do later, and she was plagued with various problems and expensive car
repairs. The letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours. She then typed
the letter as promised and got a new car.  Remember, send NO MONEY. Do not ignore this letter. 
IT WORKS!!