"Trust in the Lord with all your Heart and He will acknowledge

and  He will light the way." This prayer has been sent to you for good luck. 
 The original 
copy is from the NETHERLANDS.It has been around the world nine

times. The luck has now been brought to you. You will receive

good luck within four days of receiving this letter provided

you in turn send it back out. THIS IS NO JOKE...  You will

receive it in the mail. Send copies of this letter to people you

think need good luck.  DO NOT SEND MONEY, FOR THE FATE HAS 
NO 
PRICE ON IT. Do not keep this letter.... It must leave your

hands within 96 hours after you receive it.  An RAF officer received $70,000.  Joe Elliott 
 received $4,000,000 
and lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the Phillipines,

General Welch lost his life six days after he received this letter.

HE failed to circulate the prayer.  However, before his death

hereceived $775,000.  Please send out  20 copies 
 to see what happens 
 to you on the fourth day. This chain comes from Venezuela 
and  was 
written by Saul Anthony De Cadif, a missionary from South America.

I, myself, now forward it to you.  Since  this chain
must  make a 
tour of the world, you must make 20 copies identical to this one

and send  it to your friends, parents, or associates. After
 a few 
days,you will  get  a  surprise.  THIS is 
  true even if  you  are 
not  superstitious.  Take  note  of  the  
 following.  Constattino  Dias received the chain in 1953.  
  He asked his 
secretary to  make 20 copies and send them.  A 
few  days later 
he won a lottery for $2,000,000 in his country.  Carlo Raditt,

an  office  employee, received the chain.  He forgot  
 it and a 
few days later lost his job.  He  found the chain letter 
 and 
sent it to 20 people.  Five days later he got an even better
 job. 
Dalin Nairchild received the chain and not believing in it threw

it away.  Nine days later he died.  For  no 
 reason what so ever 
should this chain be broken. 
      REMEMBER  NO  MONEY.
 PLEASE  DON'T IGNORE  THIS.  IT DOES 
WORK.  MAHALO  (THANK-YOU)