"And all things whatever ye shall ask in prayer, 
believing, 
ye shall receive." 
                 
 (Matt. 21:22)      This quote has been sent 
to you for good luck. 
The original is from the Netherlands.  It has been

around the world 9 times.  The luck has now been 
brought to you.  You will receive good luck within 6

days of receiving the letter providing, you in return, 
send it back out.  THIS IS NO JOKE.  You will receive

it in the mail.  Send copies of this letter to people

you think need good luck.  Do not send money, for fate

has no price tag on it.  DO NOT KEEP THIS LETTER. 
It must leave your hand 96 hours after you receive it. 
An R.A.F. officer received $70,000 after he sent his 
letters out.  Joe Elliott received $650,000 and lost

it because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines,

General Welch lost his life 6 days after he received 
this letter.  He failed to circulate this quote. 
However, before his death he received $75,000.  Please

send 20 copies of this letter and see what happens to 
you on the sixth day.  This chain comes from Venezuela

and was written by Saul Anthony DeVoid, a missionary 
from South America.  I, myself, forwarded this to you

but it is sent anonymously.  Since this chain makes a

tour of the world you must make 20 identical copies 
and send it to your friends, relatives, and associates.

After a few days you will get a surprise.  This is true

even if you are not superstitious.  Take note of the following:  Constantin Yus received the chain in 1959.  
He asked his 
secretary to make 20 copies and send them out.  After a

few days he won the lottery for $2,000,000 in his country.

Carlo Daditt, an office employee, received the chain and

forgot about it.  A few days later he lost his job.  He

found the chain letter and sent it out to 20 people the

next day.  Five days later he got an even better job.
 FOR NO REASON SHOULD THIS CHAIN BE BROKEN.
 REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY.  PLEASE DO NOT IGNORE.  
IT WORKS!                                       
 A friend.  