WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This article has been sent to you for good luck. The
original is in 
New England. It has been around the world nine times. The Luck has

been sent to you. You will receive good Luck within four days after

receiving this Letter provided that you, in turn, send it on. This

is not a joke. Send no money. As fate has no price. Send copies to

people whom you think need good Luck. Do not keep this Letter. It 
must Leave your hands within 96 hours. An RAF Officer received $470,000.

Joe Elliot received $40,000 and Lost it because he broke the chain.

While in the Phillipines Gene Welch Lost his wife six days after receiving

the Letter. He failed to circulate the Letter. However, before his

death he received $1,775,000.  Please send twenty copies and see what happen in four
days. The chain 
comes from Venezuela and was written by Saint Anthony De Group, a 
Missionary from South America. Since the copy must tour the world, to

friends and Associates, after a few days you will get a surprise. This

is true. Even if you are not superstitious. It is still true. Please

note Constantine Pias received the chain in 1983. He asked his secretary

to make twenty copies and send them out. A few days later, he won a

lottery of $2,000,000. Carlo Badditt, an office employee received the

letter and forgot that it had to Leave his hand within 96 hours, he Lost

his job. Later after he found it he mailed it to friends 20 copies. A

few days Later, he got a better job. Delea Fairchild received the Letter

and did not believe what he read, so when he threw it away, nine days

Later he died. In 1983 the Letter was received by a young woman in

California. It was very faded and barely readable. She promised that

she would type the Letter and send it on. But she put it aside to do

it Later. She was plagued with various problems, plus expensive car re-

pairs. The Letter did not Leave her hands in 96 hours. She finally

typed the Letter as promised, and she got a new car. 
      Remember send no money. Do not ignore this
Letter. 
                                                                                               
It works. 
St. Jude