WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE              
This paper has been sent to your for good luck. The original is in New England.

It has been around the world ten times.  The luck has now been sent
to you.  You will 
receive GOOD LUCK within four days of receiving this letter... 
            Provided
you in return send it out! 
            This
is not a joke.  You will receive good luck in the mail. Send no money,
just 
send copies to people who you think need good luck. Don't send money --
fate has no 
price. Do not keep this letter, it must leave your hands within 96 hours.
           
An S.A.F. officer received $470,000. 
           Joe Elliott
received $40,000 but lost it because he broke the chain. 
           In the Philippines,
Gene Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving the letter.  He

failed to circulate it.  However, since passing the letter on, he
has received $7,750,000.            
Please send 20 copies and see what happens in 4 days.  The chain comes
from 
Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony de Grous, a missionary from
South Africa. 
Since the copy must tour the world, you must make 20 copies and send them
to friends 
and associates.  After a few days,  you will get a surprise.  
This is true even if you aren't 
superstitious. 
           Do note the
following.  Constantine Dias received the chain in 1963.  He asked
his 
secretary to make 20 copies and  send them out.  A few days
later, he won the lottery of 
two million dollars.  Carlo Dadditt, an office employee, received 
the letter and forgot that 
it had to leave his hands within  96 hours.  He lost his job. 
Later, after finding the letter 
again, he mailed twenty copies and a few days later he got a better job. 
Dajan Fairchild 
received the letter and, not believing, threw it away.  Three days
later he died. 
           In 1987,
the letter received by a young woman in California was faded and barely

readable.   She promised herself that she would retype the letter
and send it on, but she put 
it aside to do later.  She was plagued with various problems, including
expensive car 
repairs.  The letter did not  leave her  hands within 96
hours. She finally retyped the letter 
as promised and got a new car. 
           Remember, 
SEND NO MONEY!  Send  LOVE instead.   Do not ignore this. 
Do 
not ignore this IT WORKS!                                                                       
St. Jude 
                                                                     
Thank you.