Saint Antoine's     This chain that comes from Venezuela
 is written by Saint 
Antoine de Sidi, a missionary from South America. Since this

chain must take a tour of the world, you must make 20 copies

identical to this one, send it to your friends, parents, or

acquaintances. After a few days you will get a surprise.

Costantine Disco received the chain in 1953. He asked his

secretary to make 24 copies and send them. A few days later

he won the lottery of 2,000,000 dollars in his country. Carlos

Brandt, an officeworker, received the chain. He forgot it and

lost it. A few days later he lost his job. He found the letter

and sent out 24 copies and nine days later he got a better job.

Zerin Berreskelli received the chain. He did not believe in it

and threw it away. Nine days later he died. Ken Friedman, an

artist tried the chain, within nine days he received a great

deal of help on two projects and a major exhibition in a big

museum. He added those facts to the second chain he recieved,

which he promptly sent out again. Frequently people have received

money. Don Elliot got $68.00 but lost it because he broke the

chain. Henrik Have received a great message nine days after he

received this letter. General Walsh received the letter in the

Phillipines, received $7,775,000 but six days later lost his

life because he failed to circulate the chain. 
     For no reason should this chain be broken.

     A Prayer:  Trust in the Lord with
all  your heart and all 
                
 will acknowledge that He will light your way.
      This prayer has been sent
 to you for good luck. The original 
copy came from the Netherlands. It has been around the world ten

times. The luck has been sent to you, you are to receive the

good luck four days after receiving this letter. It is not a

joke, you will receive it in the mail. Send 20 copies of this

letter to people you think need good luck. Please do not send

money. Do not keep this letter. It must leave within four days

after you receive it. Add your name to the bottom of this and

leave off the top name, when copying this letter you may add

information about what happened if you ever received this chain

before.                
 Cillian Bertha         Tony Santosus

              
 Edna Rohom             
 Theresa Aillery 
              
 Aileen H. Poyce        Jak Killeffer

              
 Susan L. Posenberg     Sarah Salent 
              
 Kathy Budinaf          Susie 
 Whitman 
              
 Ray Noble              
 Lynn Rondos 
              
 Paula Murphy           
Sandy Wilks 
                                     
 David E. McNamara 
                                     
 Kendall T. Reische