WITH LOVE, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE  This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original is in England.  It has been around the world nine times. 
The luck has been sent to you.  You will receive good luck within four 
days of receiving this letter provided, in turn, you send it on.  THIS
IS NO JOKE.  You will receive good luck in the mail.  SEND NO MONEY.  Send copies to people you think
need good luck.  Do not send money as faith has no price.  Do not
keep this letter, it must leave your hands within 96 hours.  An R.A.F. officer received $470,000.00.  Joe Elliot
received $4000,000.00 and lost it because he broke the chain.  While
in the Philippines, George Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving the
letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.  However, before her
death, he received $7,775,000.00.  Please send 20 copies and see what happens in four
days.  The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Gaul Anthony
DeGrou, a missionary in South Africa. Since this copy must tour the world,
you must make 20 copies and send them to friends and associates.  After
a few days, you will get a surprise.  This is true even if you are superstitious.  
Do note the following:  Constantine Dias received the chain in 1953.  
He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them.  A few days later,
he won a lottery of $2 million.  Carl Daditt, an office employee, received the letter
and forgot it had to leave his hands before 96 hours.  He lost his job. 
Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed 20 copies.  A few days
later, he got a better job.  Dalan Fairchlid received the letter and,
not believing, threw the letter away.  Nine days later, he died.
 In 1987, the letter was received by a young woman in
California.  It was very faded and barely readable.  She promised
herself she would retype the letter and send it on, but she put it aside
to do later.  She was plagued with various problems, including expensive
car repairs.  The letter did not leave heir hands in 96 hours. 
She finally typed the letter, as promised, and got a new car.  Remember, SEND NO MONEY.   DO NOT IGNORE
THIS.   IT WORKS.  St. Jude