WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE 
   This paper  has been  sent to you for
good luck.  The original is 
in Newland.   It has been around the world nine times.   
The luck 
has now been sent to you.  You will receive good luck within four

days of receiving this letter provided you, in return sent it on.
 This is no joke.  You will receive good luck
in the mail. Send no 
money.   Send copies  to people  you think  
need good luck, don't 
send money; as fate has no price.  Do not  keep this  
letter.  It 
must leave your hands within 96 hours.  An RAF  officer received $47,000, while in
the Phillippines, Gina 
Welch lost his wife 51  days  after  receiving  
the  letter,   he 
failed  to  circulate  the  letter.  Before
her death he received 
$7,775,000 after circulating it just prior.  Please send 20 copies and see  what 
happens  in  four  days. The 
chain comes  from Venezuela,  and was  written by Saul
Anthony De 
Group, a missionary from South Africa.  Since the copy 
must tour 
the world,  you will  get a  surprise . This is true,
even if you 
are not supertitious.  So note the following:   Constantina 
Dino received  the chain in 
1985.   He asked  hiw secretary  to make  
20 copies and send them 
out.  A few  days later  he won  the lottery  
of over  20 million 
dollars.   Carlo Daddit, an officer employee, received the
letter 
and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost his

job.  Later finding the letter again, he mailed 20 copies.  
A few 
days later he got a better  job.   Dalen Fairchild  
received this 
letter and  not believing,  he threw  the letter away. 
Nine days 
later he died.  In 1967 the letter was received by a young woman
in Californa, it 
was  faded  and  barely  visable.   She
promised herself that she 
would re-type the letter and send it on.  But she put it aside
to 
do  it  later  and  she  forgot.    
She  was plagued with various 
problems, including expensive car  repairs.   The letter 
did not 
leave her  hands in  96 hours.   She  finally
typed the letter as 
promised and within days she won a brand new automobile.
 REMEMBER:  Send no money and do not sign this.
                             
St. Jude 
                            
It works. 