WITH LOVE ALL THING ARE POSSIBLE 
This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The original :luck: was 
started in England. It 
has been sent around the world nine times the "luck has now been sent 
to you. You will receive 
good luck with in four days of receving this letter, providing you in 
turn send it on. This is no 
joke. You will receive good luck in the mail. Send no money. Send copies 
to people you think 
need good luck. Don't send money, as fate has no price. Do not keep this 
letter. It must leave 
your hands within 96 hours. An R.R.F officer received $478,000.00. Joe 
Elliott received 
$40,000,000.00 and lost it because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines, 
Gene Welsh 
lost his wife 51 days after receiving the letter. He failed to circulate
 the letter until after her 
death. He received $7,775,000.00. Please send twenty copies and see what 
happens to you in 
four days. The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony 
de Coup, a 
missionary from South Africa. Since the copy must tour the world, you 
must make nineteen 
copies and send all twenty to friends and associates. after a few days 
you will get a surprise. 
This is true, even if you are not superstitious. Do note the following:
 Constantine Dias received 
the chain letter in 1963. He asked his secretary to make twenty copies 
and send them out. A 
few days later, he won the lottery of $2,000,000.00. Caroc Daddill, an 
office employee,  received 
the letter and forgot that it had to leave his hands in 96 hours. He
lost his job. Later, finding the 
letter again, he mailed twenty copies. A few days later, he got a better 
job. Davan Fairchild 
received the letter, and not believing, threw it away. Nine days later 
he died. In 1987 the letter 
was received by a young woman in California; it was faded and barely
readable. She promised 
herself she would retype the letter and send it on, but put it aside
to do later. She was plagued 
with various problems, including expensive car repairs. The letter did 
not leave her hands in 96 
hours. She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car. Remember, 
send no money, 
and please don't ignore this letter. 
              
 God Bless You           
 Expect a Miracle          St. 
Jude  