KISS SOMEONE YOU LOVE WHEN YOU GET THIS 
                                                        
 LETTER AND MAKE MAGIC!             
This paper has been sent to you for good luck.  The original is in New

England. It has been sent around the world 9 times.  The luck has 
now been sent 
to you.  You will recieve good luck within 4 days of recieving this 
letter...Provided 
you in turn send it on. 
           THIS IS
NOT A JOKE!  You will recieve good luck in the mail.  Send no

money. Send copies to people you think need good luck. Don't send money 
as 
fate has no price. Don't keep this letter- It must leave your hands within 
96 hours. 
           An air force 
officer recieved $70,000.00.  Joe Elliot recieved $40,000.00 
and lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines,
 Gene Welch lost 
his wife 51 days after recieving the letter.  He failed to circulate 
the letter; 
however, before her death, she won $50,000.00 in the lottery.  The 
money was 
transferred to him 4 days after he decided to mail this letter. 
            
 Please send 20 copies and see what happens in 4 days.  The chain comes

from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony Degraff, a missionary
from 
South Africa.  Since the copy must tour the world, you must make
20 copies and 
send them to friends and associates.  After a few days, you will 
recieve a surprise- 
even if you are not superstitious. 
             
 DO NOTE THE FOLLOWING: 
Constantine Diaz received the chain in 1983.  He asked his secretary 
to make 20 
copies and to send them out. 
a few days later, he won the lottery of 2 million 
dollars. 
               
 Andy Dodd, an office employee, recieved the letter and forgot it had to
leave 
his hands within 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later, finding
 the letter again, he 
mailed 20 copies.  A few days later, he got a better job. 
               
 Dalon Fairchild, received the letter, and not believing, threw the letter
 away. 
Nine days later he died. 
In 1987, the letter recieved by a young woman in California was very
faded and 
barely readable.  She promised herself that she would re-type the 
letter and send 
it on but she put it aside do to it later.  She was plagued with 
various problems 
including expensive car repairs.  The letter did not leave within 
96 hours.  She 
finally typed the letter as promised, and got a new car.                                 
 REMEMBER: SEND NO MONEY DO NOT IGNORE THIS.