"And All things whatever ye shall ask in prayer, 
               
 believing, ye shall receive." 
                                             
 (Matt. 21:22)
 This quote has been sent to you for good luck. 
 The original is from the 
Netherlands.  It has been around the world 9 times.  The
 luck has now been 
brought to you.  You will receive good luck within 6 days of
 receiving the 
letter, provided, you in turn send it back out...THIS IS NO JOKE. 
 You will 
receive it in the mail.  Send copies of this letter to people
 you think need 
good luck.  Do not send money, for fate has no price on it. 
 DO NOT KEEP THIS 
LETTER.  It must leave your hand 96 hours after you receive 
it.  An R.A.F. officer 
received $70,000 after he sent his letters out.  Joe Elliott 
received $650,000 
and lost it, because he broke the chain.  While in the Phillippines,
 General Welch 
lost his life 6 days after he received this letter.  He failed
 to circulate this 
quote.  However, before his death he received $75,000.  
Please send 20 copies of 
this letter and see what happens to you on the sixth day. 
This  chain comes from 
Venezuela, and was written by Saul Anthony DeVoid, a missionary
from  South Amer- 
ica.  I, myself, forwarded this to you, but it is sent anonymous
 to you.  Since 
this chain makes a tour of the world; you must make 20 identical 
copies, send it 
to your friends, relatives and associates.  After a few days
 you will get a sur- 
prise.  This is true even if you are not superstitious. Take note of the following:  Constartin Xus received the chain in 1959. 
 He asked his secretary to make 20 
copies and send them out.  After a few days he won a lottery 
for $2,000,000 in his 
country.  Carlo Daditt, an office employee, received the chain
 and forgot about it. 
A few days later he lost his job.  He found the chain letter, 
 and sent it out to 
20 people the next day.  Five days later, he got an even better
 job.  FOR NO REASON SHOULD THIS CHAIN BE BROKEN.
 Remember, send no money.  Please do not ignore. 
 It works. 
                                                                
 A friend.