WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE            
This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The original is in

New England. This letter has been around the world nine times. The 
luck 
has been sent to you. You will receive good luck within four days
of 
receiving this letter provided you send it on. This is no joke. You 
will 
receive good luck in the mail. Send no money. Send copies to people 
you 
think need good luck. Do not send money as faith has no price. Do
not 
keep this letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours. An R.A.P.

Officer received $3,370,000.00. Joe Elliot received $40,000.00 and 
lost it 
because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines, George Welsh 
lost 
his wife five days after receiving this letter. He had failed to circulate 
the 
letter. However, after her death he mailed the letter and received

$7,775,000.00. Please send twenty copies and see what happens in four

days. The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saint

Anthony de Grou, a missionary from South America. Since this copy
must 
tour the world, you must make twenty copies and send them to friends

and associates. After a few days you will get a surprise. Constantine

Dias received the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make twenty

copies and send them. A few days later he won a lottery of two million

dollars. Carlo Dudit, and office employee, received the letter and 
forgot it 
must leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost his job later. After 
finding 
the letter again, he mailed twenty copies, a few days later, he got 
a better 
job. Melissa Horton received the letter and not believing, she threw 
it 
away. Nine days later she died. In 1987, this letter was received
by a 
young woman in California. It was faded and barely readable. She

promised herself she would retype the letter and send it on but she 
put it 
aside to do later. She was plagued with various problems, including

extensive car repairs since the letter did not leave her hands within 
96 
hours. She finally typed the letter and promptly got a new car.
                   
 REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY. DO NOT IGNORE THIS-- 
                                                              
 IT WORKS!