Kiss someone you love when you get this letter and
make magic! With 
love, all things are possible. This paper has been sent to you for good

luck. The original is in New England. It has been around the world

nine times. The luck has been sent to you.  You will receive
good luck 
within four days of receiving this letter, and you must, in turn, send

luck.  This is not a joke.  Send no money.  Send copies
to people you 
think need luck. Don't send money as fate has no price. Do not keep

this letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours.  A Pan Am
officer 
got $170,000. Joe Elliott received $70,000, and then lost it because he

broke the chain. While in the Phillippines, Cane Wach lost his wife six

days after receiving his letter. He failed to circulate the letter.  
However, 
before her death, he received $7,775.  Please send 20 copies and
see 
what happens in four days.  The chain comes from Venezuela and was

written by Saul Mahoney Begroup, a missionary from South America. 
The copy must tour the world. You must make 20 copies and send 
them to friends and associates.  And after a few days you will get
a 
surprise. This is true.  Even if you are not superstitious! Do note
the 
following: Constantine Dins received the chain in 1963. He asked his

secretary to make 20 copies and send them out.  A few days later,
he 
won the lottery for $62,000,000. Carl Baddit, an office employee, 
received the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours.

He lost his job.  Delan Fairchild received the chain and not believing,

threw the letter away. Nine days later, she died.  In 1987, the letter
was 
received by a young woman in California. It was faded and barely 
readable. She promised herself that she would re-type the letter and

send it out, but she set it aside. She was plagued with various 
problems. The letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours. She 
finally re-typed the letter and got a new car. Send NO MONEY! Do not

ignore this letter. It works.