Untitled Kiss someone you love when you receive this and make
magic.       This paper has been sent to
you for good luck. The original is in New England. It has been sent around
the world nine times.  The luck has now been sent to you. You will receive
good luck within four days. This is no joke. You will receive good luck in
the mail. Send no money. Send copies to people you think need good luck.
Do not send money as fate has no price. Do not keep this letter. It must
leave your hands within 96 hours.       An Air Force officer received
$70,000. Joe Elliot received $10,000 and lost it because he broke the chain.
While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving
the letter. However, before her death, his wife had won $50,000 in the lottery.
The money was transferred to him four days after he decided to mail the letter.
      Please send 20 copies of this
letter and see what happens in four days. The chain comes from Venezuela
and was written by Saul Anthony DeGroff, a missionary from South Africa.
Since the copy must tour the world, you must make 20 copies and send them
to friends and associates. After a few days, you will receive a surprise--even
if you are not superstitious.       Do note the following. Constantine
Dias received the chain in 1963. He asked his secretary to make copies and
send them out. A few days later, he won a lottery of two million dollars.
Andy Dodd, an office employee, received this letter and forgot it had to
leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost his job. Later, finding the letter
again, he mailed 20 copies. A few days later he got a better job. Dalon Fairchild, 
receiving and not believing, threw the letter away. Nine days later, he died.
      In 1987, the letter, received
by a young woman in California was very faded and barely readable. She promised
herself that she would retype the letter and sent it on, but she put it aside
to do later. She was plagued with various problems including extensive car 
repairs. The letter did not leave within 96 hours. She finally typed the letter
as promised and got a new car.                            
Remember! Send No Money. Do Not Ignore This. 
                                  
With LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE