WITH LOVE EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE     This letter is sent to you for good
luck. It comes from England and 
has gone around the world nine times. Luck has now come to you. You

will have luck in less than four days counting the day this letter
is 
received. This letter is your destiny and its your turn to return it.

This is not a joke. You will have luck through the mail. Do not send

money  but copies of this letter to people who need luck. Do
not send 
any money, as faith has no price. Do not keep this letter it must

leave you  in ninety six hours (4days) 
  An officer to the Royal Mounted Police received $410,000. Joe
Elliot 
received 40,000,  but lost it since he broke the chain while
in the 
Philippines, Gene Welch lost her husband 51 days after receiving the

letter she did not circulate it. But before he died she had received

$275,000. Please send the copies and observe what will happen in four

days. 
  The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by  Soul
Anthony de 
Group, a missionary in South Africa. This letter must go around the

world. That is why you must make TWENTY copies and send them to

friends and colleagues after a few days you will have a surprise.

  This is true (even if you are not superstitious). Please note
what 
follows: Constantine Blar received this letter in 1953. He asked his

secretary to make twenty copies and send them. A few days later he

wins the jackpot of 2,000,000. Cadi Doddit an officer employee

received this letter but forgot that he ahd to circulate it in 96

hours he lost his job, he found the letter and sent 20 copies, a few

hours later he found new employment better than the last one. Colon

Fairchild received this letter and not believing in it threw it in
the 
garbage, nine days later she died. 
  In 1987 a young Californian received this letter noticing that
it 
was almost illegible promised herself that she would rewrite it with

the typewriter. Any how she left it aside. She was involved in

different problems, and was confronted with an invoice for unforeseen

repairs to her vehicle. Finally, she acted on her promise and sent
20 
copies. A while later she received a new car.                       
DO NOT FORGER__DO NOT SEND MONEY 
                     
DO NOT IGNORE THIS LETTER 
                     
IT REALLY WORKS 
                                             
SAINT JUDE 
                                            
------------  Do not identify yourself, this letter must remain
anonymous.