WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE  This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The
original 
is in New England. It has been around the world nine times.

The luck has been sent to you. You will receive Good 
Luck within four days of receiving this letter provided

you send it on.  This is no joke. You will receive Good Luck in the
mail. 
Send no money. Send copies to people you think need good

luck. Don't send money, as fate has no price. Do not keep

this letter. It MUST leave your hands within 96 hours.
 An officer in the Royal Air Force received $470,000.
 Joe Elliot received $40,000 and lost it because 
he broke 
the chain.  While in the Phillipines, Gene Welch lost his wife 
six days 
after he received the letter. He had failed to circulate the

letter. However, before her death, he received $7,755,000.
 PLEASE send 20 copies and see what happens in four 
days. The 
chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony

Group, a missionary in South America. Since the copy must

tour the world, you MUST make 20 copies and send them to

friends and associates. After a few days, you will get a

surprise. This is true even if you are not superstitious.
 Do not ignore the following: Constantine Dias received 
the 
chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and

send the letter out. A few days later, he won a lottery for

$2,000,000. Carlo Dadditt, an office employee, received the

letter and forgot it had to leave his hands in 96 hours;

he lost his job. Later, after finding the letter again, he

mailed 20 copies. A few days later, he got a better job.

Delan Fairchild received the letter and, not believing,

threw the letter away. Nine days later, he died. In 1967

the letter was received by a young woman in California;

it was faded and barely legible. She put it aside to 
do later. She was plagued with various problems, including

expensive car repairs. The letter had not left her hands

within 96 hours. She finally typed the letter and, as 
promised, got a new car.  Remember: don't send money, and DO NOT ignore this.
                                   
 Remember me always.It works.                                      
 ST. JUDE