WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE  This paper has been sent out for good luck. The
original is 
in New England. It has been around the world nine times. 
The Luck has been sent to you. You will receive luck within

four days of receiving this letter. Provided, in turn, you

send it on. This is not a joke. You will receive good luck

in the mail. Send no money. Send copies to people you 
think need good luck. Do not send money as faith has no 
price. Do not keep this letter. It must leave your hands 
within 96 hours. An R.A.F officer received $470,000.00. 
Joe Elliott received $40,000.00 and lost it because he broke

the chain. While in the Philippines George Welsh lost his

wife 51 days after receiving the letter. He had failed to

circulate the letter. However, before her death he received

$7,755,000.00. Please send 20 copies and see what happens

in four days. 'The chain comes from Venezuela, and was 
written by Saul Degrou, a missionary from South America. 
Since this copy must tour the world, you must make twenty

copies and send them to friends and associates. After a few

days you will get a surprise. This is true even if you are

superstitious. Do note the following: Constantine Diaz 
received the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make

twenty copies and send them. A few days later he won the 
lottery for two million dollars. Cario Daddit, an office 
employee, received the letter and forgot the letter had to

leave his hands within 96 hours; he lost his job. Later 
after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty copies and

a few days later he got a better job. Dalan Fairchild 
received the letter and not believing it threw the letter

away. Nine days later he died. In 1987, the letter was 
received by a young woman in California, it was very faded

and barely readable. She promised herself she would retype

the letter and send it on. But she put it aside to do it 
later. She was plagued with various problems, including car

repairs. The letter did not leave her hands in 96 hours. 
She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car.
 REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY, DO NOT IGNORE THIS, IT
WORKS                       
St. JUDE 