WITH LOVE, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for Good Luck. The
original is in New England. 
It has been around the world nine times. The luck has been sent to you.

You will receive good luck within four days of receiving this letter, provided
you in 
turn send it on. This is no joke. You will receive good luck in the mail.
Send no 
money. Send copies to people you think need good luck. Do not send money
as 
fate has no price. Do not keep this letter. It must leave you hand within
96 
hours. A United States Air Force officer received $470,000 as John A.
Elliott 
received $40,000 and lost because he broke the chain. While in the Philippines,

Gene Welch lost his wife-51 days after receiving the letter. He failed
to circulate 
the letter. However, before her death, he received $7,500.00. Please send

twenty copies and see what happens in four days. The chain comes from

Venezuela and was written by Saul DeCropp, a missionary from South America.

Since the copy must tour the world, you must make twenty copies and send
them 
to friends and associates. After few days, you will get a surprise. This
is true, 
even if you are not superstitious. Do note the following: Constantine Dias

received this chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make twenty copies
and 
send them out. A few days later, he won a lottery of two million. Carlos
Daddits, 
and office employee, received the letter and forgot it had to leave his
hands within 
96 hours. He lost his job. Later, after finding the letter and not believing,
he 
threw the letter away. Nine days later, he died. In 1982, the letter ,
received by a 
young woman in California, was very faded and barely readable. She promised

herself that she would retype the letter and send it on. But, she set
is aside to do 
it later. She was plagued with various problems including expensive car
repairs. 
This letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours.  She finally 
typed the letter as 
promised and got a brand new car.  Remember, do not send money, do not sign this. 
It works.                                                                                
St. Jude