WITH LOVE, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE 
              
THIS PAPER HAS BEEN SENT TO YOU FOR GOOD LUCK  The original is in New England.  It has been 
around the world 
nine times.  The luck has been sent to you.  You will receive

good luck within four days of receiving this letter provided, in

turn, you send it on.  This is no joke.  You will receive 
good 
luck in the mail.  Send no money.  Send copies to people 
whom 
you think need good luck.  Do not send money, as luck has no

price.  Do not keep this letter.  It must leave your hands

within 96 hours.  Joe Elliot received $40,000.00 and lost it

because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, George

Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving this letter.  He

failed to circulate the letter.  However, before her death,
he 
received $7,775,000.00.  Please send twenty copies and see what

happens in four days.  the chain comes from Venezuela and was

written by Saul Anthony DE Grev, a missionary from South

America.  Since this copy must tour the world, you must make

twenty copies and send them to friends and associates.  After 
a 
few days, you will get a surprise.  This is true, even if you

are not superstitious.  Do note the following:  Constanne
 Dias 
received the chain in 1953.  He asked his secretary to make

twenty copies and send them.  A few days later, he won a lottery

of two million dollars.  Carlo Daditt, an office employee

received the letter and forgot that it had to leave his hands

within 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later, after finding
 the 
letter again, he mailed twenty copies.  A few days later he
got 
a better job.  Dallas Fairchild received the letter and, not

believing threw it away.  Nine days later he died.  In
1987, the 
letter was received by a young woman in California.  It was
very 
faded and barely readable.  She promised herself she would

re-type the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do

later.  She was plagued with various problems, including

expensive car repairs.  The letter did not leave her hands

within 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as promised and

got a new car.       Remember, send no money.  
Do not ignore this. It works.                              
 ST. JUDE 
    re-typed for clarity: 
    1991-July, August 
    1992-Feb., March(3), April (2), June, July (2), 
August, 
    Oct.,  Nov. 
    1993-May(2) 
    1994-July, Oct., Dec.(2)  