This paper has
ben sent to you for good luck.  The original is in 
New England.  It has been around the world nine times and the luck

has been sent to you.  You will receive good luck within four days
of 
receiving this letter.  Provided in turn, that you send it on.  
This is 
no joke.  You will receive good luck in the mail.  Send no money. 
Send 
copies to people you think need good luck.  Do not send money, as

faith has no price.  Do not keep this letter.  It must leave
your hands 
within 96 hours.  An R.A.F officer received $470,000.00.  Joe
Elliot 
received $40,000.00 and lost it because he broke the chain.  While
in 
the Philippines, George Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving

the letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.  However, before
her 
death he received $7,755,000.00. 
          Please send 20
copies and see what happens in four days.  The 
chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony 
Degrou, a Missionary from South America.  Since this copy must tour

the world, you must make twenty and send them to friends and 
associates.  After a few days you well get a surprise-- This is true-

even if you are superstitious.  Do note the following: Constantine

Dias received the chain in 1953.  He asked his secretary to make

twenty copies and send them.  A few days later he won a lottery of

two million dollars. Carlo Daddit, an office employee, received the

letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96 hours.  He
lost 
his job.  Later after finding the letter-again, he mailed twenty

copies.  A few days later, he got a better job.  Dalon Fairchild

received the letter, and not believing, threw the letter away.  Nine

days later he died.  In 1987 the letter was received by a young

woman in California.  It was very faded and barely readable.  
She 
promised herself she would retype the letter and send it on.  But
she 
put it aside to do later.  She was plagued with various 
problems...including expensive car repairs.  The letter did not leave

her hand in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as promised and

got a new car. REMEMBER. SEND NO MONEY. DO NOT IGNORE THIS. IT WORKS. 