With Love All Things Are Possible:      This paper has been sent
to you for Good Luck. 
The original is in New England.  It has been around the world

nine times.  The Luck has now been sent to you.  You will
receive 
Good Luck within four days of receiving this letter provided

you, in turn, send it on.       This is no joke. 
You will receive Good Luck by mail.  Send 
no money.  Send copies to people you think need Good Luck.

Don't send money, as faith has no price.  Do not keep this

letter, it must leave your hands in 96 hours.       A R.A.F. officer received 
$470,000.  Joe Elliot receive $40,000 
and lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the Phillipines,

Gene Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving the letter.

He had failed to circulate the letter.  However, before she

died he received $7,755,000.  Please send copies and see what

happens in four days.       The chain comes from Venezuela
and was written by Saul Anthony 
De Group, a missionary from South Africa.  The letter must

tour the world, so you must make twenty copies and send them

to friends and associates.  After a few days you will get a

surprise- THIS IS TRUE.  Even if you are not superstitious.
      Do note the following:  
Constatine Dias received the letter 
in 1953.  He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send

them out.  A few days later he won a lottery of two million

dollars.  Carlo Dadditt an office employee, received the letter

but forgot it had to leave his hands in 96 hours.  He lost

his job.  Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed

copies.  A few days later, he found a better job.  Dalan
Fairchild 
received the letter and not believing, threw the letter away.

Nine days later he died.       In 1987, the letter was
received by a young woman in California 
and was very faded and barely readable.  She made a promise

to herself to retype the letter, but put it aside to do later.

She was plagued with various problems, including expensive

car repairs.  The letter did not leave her hands in 96 hours.

Sh finally retyped the letter and sent it out as promised

and got a new car.       Remember, send no money.
                          
DO NOT IGNORE THIS !                                     
St. Jude  It Works !