Kiss someone you love when you get
this letter and make magic! This paper has been sent to you Good Luck. 
The original is in New 
England.  It has been sent around the world 9 times.  The
luck has now 
been sent to you.  You will receive good luck within 4 days of
receiving 
this letter - provided you in turn send it on. 
This is no joke. You will receive good luck in the mail. Send no money,

as fate has no price. 
   DO NOT KEEP THIS LETTER - IT MUST LEAVE YOUR HANDS
WITHIN 96 HOURS. 
An Air Force Officer received $70,000.  Joe Ellion received $40,000
and 
lost it beck.. he broke the chain.  While in the Phil., Gene
Welch lost 
his wife 51 days after receiving the letter.  He failed to circulate
the 
letter.  However before her death, she won $50,000 in the lottery. 
The 
money was transferred to him 4 days after he decided to mail this
letter. 
Please send 20 copies and see what happens in 4 days.  The chain
comes 
from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony DeGroff, a missionary 
from 
South Africa.  Since the copies must tour the world, you must
make 20 
copies and send them to friends and associates.  After a few
days, you 
will receive a surprise - even if you are not superstitious.  
Do note the 
if. 
Constantine Dias received the chain in 1963.  He asked his secretary
to 
make 20 copies and send them out.  A few days later, he won 2
million 
dollars. 
Andy Dodd, an office employee, received this letter and forgot it
had to 
leave his hands within 96 hrs.  He lost his job.  Later,
finding the 
letter again, he mailed 20 copies.  A few days later he got a
better job. 
Dalon Fairchild received the letter and not believing threw the letter

away.  Nine days later, he died. 
In 1987, the letter received by a young woman in California was very

faded and barley readable.  She promised herself that she would
retype 
the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do later.  
She was 
plagued with various problems, including expensive car repairs.  
The 
letter did not leave within 96 hrs.  She finally typed the letter
as 
promised and got a new car.                          
REMEMBER    SEND NO MONEY                              
DO NOT IGNORE THIS                      
WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE