Kiss someone you love when you get this letter & 
make magic. With love all things are possible.     This paper has been sent to you for good 
luck. The original is on New England. It has been around the world nine times. 
The luck has been sent to you. You will receive good luck within four days 
of receiving this letter & you must, in turn, send luck. This is no joke, 
send NO money. Send copies to people you think need luck. Don't send 
money, as faith has no price. Do not keep this letter. It must leave your 
hands within 96 hours. A pan am officer recieved $470,000. Jo Eiloot received
 $70,000 and lost it because he broke the chain. While in the Phillippines,
 Cane Walch lost his wife six days after receiving this letter. He failed
to circulate the letter. However, before her death, he received $7,775. Please 
send 20 copies & see what happends within four days. The chain comes from
Venezuela & was written by Saul Anthony Degroup, a missionary from South
America. Since the copy must tour the world, you must make 20 copies &
send them to friends and associates. After a few days you will get a surprise.
This is true. Even if you're not superstitious. Do note the following. Constantine
Dias recieved the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies
and send them out. A few days later, he won the lottery of $2000,000. Carlo
Badit, an office employee, received the letter and forgot it had to leave
his hands within 96 hours. He lost his job. Delon Fairchild received the
chain and not believing he threw the letter away. Nine day later he died. 
In 1987, the letter was received by a young woman in California. It was faded 
& barely readable. She promised herself that she would retype the letter 
and send it out, but she set is aside. She was plagued with various problems. 
The letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours. She finally typed the 
letter as promised and got a new car.  

                   
 Send no money. Do not ignore 
                   
 this letter. It works.