TRUST IN THE LORD WITH ALL YOUR HEART, AND ALL WILL ACKNOWLEDGE
AND 
HE WILL LIGHT THE WAY. This prayer has been sent to you for Good Luck.
 The original copy 
came from the Netherlands.  It has been around the world nine
 times. 
The luck has been sent to you.  You are to receive good luck
 within 
4 days of receiving   this letter. This is no joke. You
 will receive 
it in the mail.  Send 20 copies of this letter to people you think
 need good luck. 
Please do not send money.  Do not keep this letter.  It
 must leave 
you within 96 hours after you receive it.  An R.S. Officer received $70,000.  Don Elliott
 received $60,000.  but 
lost it because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, 
 Gen. 
Walsh lost his life six days after he received the letter.  
He failed 
to circulate the prayer. However,  before his death he received

$775,000 which he won.  Please send 20 copies and then see what happens
 on the 4th day after. 
Add your name to the bottom of this list and leave the top name
off 
when copying this letter. 
                         
 W.D. Martin, Jr.         Buddy Deans   
 W. KIRYLO 
                         
 Joseph H. Cristian       Billy Dean    
  R.Kirylo 
                        
  E. Kendall Hines         Bob 
 Wright 
                         
 William D. Bailey        R. Schultz

Kattie J. Mills          
 Glenn R. Jernigan        B. Short

Victor E. Bolls, Jr.     Andy Andreson            
 E.L. Fricke 
George Willoughby, Jr.   G.L. Blackwell           
 T. A. Dolighan 
John E. Koonee           
 John L. West              
 D. A. Seibert 
                                                   
 A. Pettelli 
This chain comes from Venezeula, was written by St. Antino DeCadi, 
 a 
missionary from South America.  Since this chain must take a tour of the world,
 you must make 20 copies 
identical to this one and send it to your friends, parents, parents,

acquaintances and after a few days you will get a surprise.  
This is 
true, even if you are not superstitious.  Take note of the following:  Constantino Dias received the chain in 1953. He
 asked his secretary to 
make 20 copies and send them.  A few days later he won the
lottery  of 
$2 Million dollars in his country.  Carlos Brandt, an office employee, received the
 chain. He forgot it and 
lost it.  A few days later he lost his job. He found the chain
 and 
sent it out to 20 people.  Nine days later he got a better
job.  Zarin Barrachilli received the chain. Not believing
 it, he then threw 
it away.  Nine days later he died.  For no reason whatsoever
 should 
this chain be broken.  Make 20 copies and send them. In 9 days
 you 
will get a surprise.