This paper has been sent to you for good luck 
The original is in New England. It has been sent around the

World nine times. 
The luck has been sent to you..You will receive good luck

Within four days of receiving this letter.  Provided, in

turn, you send it on.  This is no joke.  You will receive

good luck in the mail.  Send no money.  Send copies to

people you think need good luck.  DO NOT SEND MONEY AS FAITH

HAS NO PRICE.  Do not keep this letter.  it must leave you

hands within 96 hours.  An R.A.F. Officer received 
$470,000.00.  Joe Elliot received $40,000.00 and lost it

because he broke the chain.  While in the Phillipines,

George Welch lost his wife 51 days after receiving the 
Letter.  He had failed to circulate the letter.  However,

before her death he received $7,755,000.99  Please send

twenty copies and see what happens if four days.  The chain

comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony DeGrau,

a missionary from South America.  Since this copy must tour

the world, you must make twenty copies and send them to 
friends and associates.  After a few days you will get a

surprise-this is true even if you are superstitious. 
Do note the following:  Constatine Dias received the chain

in 1953.  He asked his secretary to make twenty copies and

send them.  A few days later he won a Lottery of two

million-dollars.  Carlo Daddit an office employee, received

the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands within 96

hours.  He lost his job.  Later after finding the Letter

again, he mailed twenty copies.  A few days later, he got a

better job. Dolan Fairchild received the Letter and not 
believing threw the letter away, nine days later he died.

In 1987 the Letter was received by a young woman in 
California, it was faded and barely readable.  She 
promised herself she would retype the Letter and send it 
on, but she put it aside to do Later.  She was plagued with

various problems, including expensive car repairs.  The

Letter did not leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally

typed the Letter as promised and got a new car. Remember,  SEND NO MONEY.  Do not ignore
this.  It works.                                  
St. Jude 