PRAYER: TRUST IN YOURSELF WITH ALL YOUR HEART AND ALL WILL
 ACKNOWLEDGE. YOU WILL PRODUCE A HIT RECORD (OR FILM, OR   PLAY,

                              
 OR SERIES, ORWWHATEVER . . . OR BE A HIT YOURSELF.)     This prayer has been sent to you
 for good luck. The original copy came from the Brill Building. It has been
 down Highway 61 and Route 66, around the world via jet air and sublicensed
 in allterritories. THE LUCK HAS BEEN SENT TO YOU!! You obviously
need  it. You are to receive Good Luck within four working days after recieving
 this letter, unless stipulated in section 6, paragraph "A".
 This is NO JOKE!!! Your Good Luck is in the mail. 
    Send twenty copies of this letter to people you know
 who can use a bit of luck. Please do not send money: Promotional records
are O.K. Do not place this letter in your out file for your secretary to
take care of after she does her nails. It must leave within (96) ninety-six
hours after you recieve it. Add your name to the bottom of the list (professional 
 names are acceptable) and leave off the name at the top of the list when 
recopying this list. You may ad information about what happened to you if 
you ever recieved this letter before- NO HYPES PLEASE!- a Good Luck.
            
 FOR NO REASON SHOULD THIS CHAIN BE BROKEN!!!!!  Col Tom Parker recieved this chain in 1953, and asked
 his valet to make 24 copies and send them along with a bill of services
rendered.  One week later he discovered Elvis and Olive Davis. A record executive
recieved  the chain and lost it among his Bar Mitzvah bills. Five days later
his office  was dismantled. He found the chain while writing his novel, sent
out fifty  copies and got a better job and a suspended sentence. Pamela Pelland
recieved  the chain but was too busy meditating. Five days later her record
was released.  Richard Neely recieved the letter and was asked to revise
the remixing of  a top Disco hit. He found the PAST DUE chain in a script
and never got credit  on the album. Twenty copies later, he bought the script.
Neil Bogart recieved  it, sent out twenty copies in unstamped envelopes and
the very next week sat down on a piece of discarded bublegum. David Geffen
recieved the chain by opening someone elses mail and faithfully followed
the instructions to a "T" and was rewarded a promotion from mail boy to mail
secretary. He recieved the chain again in '74, this time he was too busy
to bother with  it. Five days later he met Irving Azoff. Helen Reddy recieved
the chain but  could only afford to send out ten copies. The next week she
met Jeff Vale  ... you figure it out. Roger Steffens apologizes for the banality,
has no  idea whether this is for 'real' and is too chickenshit to break the
chain.  Because I love and trust Bryan, and because, what the hell,it can't
hurt,  Big Mac sends it on. See ski see. Two years PAST DUE he sends it to
you. (Anybody need a mail secretary?)  STEEVE LEEDS              
 Tom Shetter                    
 Bob Cohen 
Beth Rosengard                
 Linda Ronstadt              
 Bonnie Bedelia 
Gina Erlich                         
 Kim Vaughn                   
 Bryan O'Byrne 
Caneace Azzara                 
 Barbara Hicksen           
 Chistopher McDonald 
Richard Chemel                
 Johnny Wials                  
 Carol Cappello 
Julie Phillips                      
 Bud Court                       
 Godmother Productions 
M.A. Kasica Scheff          
 Joseph Bottoms              
 Windhover Prod. 
T.E. KAlem                       
 Coleen Camp                  
 Jim Frawley 
Barbara Malin                  
 Jodie Mann                     
 Eddie Baskin 
Rick Dreyfuss                  
 Roger Steffens                
 Jacob Brackman 
Susan Branin                    
 Lynn Bernfield                
 Steve Tesich 
Elizabeth Levitt                
 Mike Nichols                
 Garry Rybar 
Bob Brewnstein                
 Lanny Myers   