TRUST in the Lord with all good faith and He will

acknowledge and He will light the way."  This prayer

has been sent to you for good luck.  It's original copy

is from the Netherlands.  It has been around the world

nine times.  The luck has been brought to you.  You will

receive good within 4 days of receiving this letter, 
provided you in turn send it back out.  THIS IS NO JOKE.

You will receive it in the mail.  Send copies of this

letter to people you think need good luck.  Do not send 
Money, 
for fate has no price on it.  Do not keep this letter. 
 It 
must leave your house within 96 hours after you receive it.

An RAF officer received $70,000.  Joe Elliott received

$450,000 and lost it because he broke the chain.  While in

the Phillipines, General Welch lost his wife six days after he

received the letter.  He failed to circulate the prayer.

However, before his death he received $775,000.  Please

send 20 copies and see what happens to you on the 4th day.

This chain comes from Venezuela, and was written by Saul

Anthony de Caoif, a missionary from South America.  I myself

forward it to you.  Since the Chain must make the tour of

the world, you must make 20 copies identical to this one.

Send it to your friends, parents, or associates.  After a

few days you will get a surprise.  This is true even if you

are not superstitious.  Take note of the following. 
Constantine 
Dies received the chain in 1953.  He asked his secretary to

make 20 copies and send them a few days later he won a lottery

for $2,000,000 in his country. 
Carlo Deditt, an office employee, received the chain, he

forgot it and a few days later he lost his job.  He found

the chain letter and sent itto 20 people.  Five days later

he got an even better job.  Belon Fairchild received the

chain and, not believing in it, he threw it away.  Nine days

later, he died.  For no reason, whatsoever, should this chain

be broken.  Remember, SEND NO MONEY. 
      PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THIS, IT 
WORKS.