With love, all things are possible.  This
paper has been sent 
to you for good luck.  The original is in New England.  It
has 
been around the world nine times.  The luck has now been sent

to you.  You will receive good luck within 4 days of receiving

this letter.  Provided, you, in turn, send it on.  This
is no 
joke.  You will receive good luck in the mail, send no money.

Send copies to the people you think need good luck.  Don't send

money as fat has no pride.  Do not keep this letter.  It
must 
leave your hands within 96 hours.  An RAF Officer received

$407,000, Joe Elliott received $40,000 and then lost it because

he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, Gene Welch

lost his wife six days after receiving this letter.  He failed

to circulate this letter.  However, before her death, he received

&7,755,000. Please send twenty copies and see what happens in

four days.  The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by

Saul Anthony DeGroup, a missionary from South America. Since

the copy must tour the world, you must make twenty copies and

send it to twenty friends and associates.  After a few days,

you will get a surprise.  This is true even if you are not

superstitious. Do note the following; Constantly Dias received

the chain in 1953 and he asked his secretaries to make twenty

copies and mail them out.  A few days later, he won a lottery

of $2,000,000.  Carlo Diddit, an office employee, received the

letter and forgot it had to leave his hands in 96 hours, he

lost his job. Later , after finding the letter, he mailed out

the twenty copies.  A few days later he got a better job.  
Dian 
Fairchild received the letter and not believing, threw it away

Nine days later he died.  In 1953, the letter was received by

a young woman in California it was  She was plagued with a serious

problems including expensive car repairs, as the letter did not

leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally typed the letter as

promised and got a new car.  Remember, send no money. Do not

ignore this.              
St. Jude                                
It Works! 