KISS SOMEONE YOU LOVE WHEN YOU GET THIS LETTER AND MAKE MAGIC This paper has been sent to you for GOOD LUCK. 
 The original is in New England.  It 
has been sent around the world 9 times.  The luck has now been
sent  to YOU.  You 
will receive good luck within four days of receiving this letter-provided 
 you send it on.  THIS IS NOT A JOKE! - You will receive good luck in
 the --mail.  SEND NO MONEY. 
Send copies to people you think need luck.  Don't send money, as
 fate has no price. 
DO NOT KEEP THIS LETTER---IT MUST LEAVE YOUR HANDS WITHIN 96 HOURS.
 An air force officer, received $70,000.  Joe Eliot
 received $40,000 and lost it because 
he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, Gene Weich lost
his  wife 51 days after 
receiving the letter...he failed to circulate it.  However, before
 her death, she won 
$50,000 in the lottery.  The money was transferred to him days
after  he decided to 
mail the letter.  Please send 20 copies and see what happens in the next
 4 days.  The chain comes 
from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony DeGraff, a missionary 
from South 
Africa.  Since the copy must tour the world: you must make 20 copies
 and send them 
to your friends and associates.  After a few days you will receive
 a surprise even if 
you are not superstitious.  Constantine Dias received the chain in 1963. 
He asked his secretary to make 20 
copies and send them out.  A few days later he won the lottery
of  2 million dollars.  Andy Dodd, an office employee, received the letter
and forgot it had to leave his 
hands within 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later finding the
 letter again, he mailed 20 
copies.  A few days later he got a better job.  Dalcon Fairchild received the letter, and not believing,
 threw the letter away.  Nine 
days later he died.  In 1987, the letter reached a young woman in California
 very faded and barely 
readable.  She promised herself that she would retype the letter 
and send it on, but 
she put it aside to do later.  She was plagued with various problems
 including 
expensive car repairs.  The letter did not leave within 96 hours. 
 She finally typed the 
letter as promised and got a new car ....                       
 REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY, DO NOT IGNORE THIS....