WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The original
is in New England. It has been around the world nine times. The luck has
been sent to you. You will receive good luck within four days of receiving
this letter. Provided, in turn you send it on. This is no joke. You will
receive good luck in the mail. Send no money. Send copies to people you think
need good luck. Do not send money, as faith has no price. Do not keep this
letter. It must leave your hands within 96 hours. An R.A.F. officer received
$470,000.00. Joe Elliott received $40,000.00 and lost it because he broke
the chain. While in the Philippines, George Welch lost his wife 51 days after
receiving the letter. He failed to circulate the letter. However, before
her death, he received $7,755,000.00. Please send twenty copies and see what
happens if four days. The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul
Anthony DeGivu, a missionary from South America. Since this copy must tour
the world, you must make twenty copies and send to friends and associates.
After a few days you will get a surprise..this is true even if you are not
superstitious. Do note the following: Constentine Dins received the chain
in 1953. He asked his secretary to make twenty copies and send them. A few
days later he won a lottery of two million dollars. Carlo Daddit,  an office
employee received the letter and forgot it had to leave his hands  within
96 hours. He lost his job. Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed
twenty copies. A few days later, he got a better job. Dalan Fairchild  received
the letter, and not believing, he threw the letter away, nine days later
he died. In 1967, the letter was received by a young woman in California. 
It was very faded and barely readable. She promised herself she would retype 
the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do later. She was plagued 
with various problems, including expensive car repairs. The letter did not 
leave her hands in 96 hours. She finally typed the letter as promised and 
got a new car.  Remember, send no money. Do not ignore this. It works...GOOD 
LUCK!                                                                                                                
 ST. JUDE  