Saint Antoine's      This chain that comes
from Venezuela was written by 
St. Antoine de Sedi a missionary from South America.  Since 
the 
chain must make a tour of the world you must take 20 copies

identical to this one, and send it to your friends, parents,

or acquaintances.  After a few days you will get a surprise.

Take note of the following.       Constantine Ciso received
 the chain in 1953. He asked his 
secretary to make 24 copies and send them. A few days later he

won the lottery of $2,000,000,000 in his country.
      Carlos Brandt, an office
 worker, received the chain. He 
forgot it and lost it. A few days later he lost his job. He

found the letter, send out 24 copies and nine days later he

got a better job.       Zerij Berreskelli, received
 the chain.  He did not believe 
in it and threw it away.  Nine days later he died.  Ken
 Friedman, 
an artist tried the chain.  Within nine days he received a
great 
deal of help on two projects and a major exhibition in a big

museum.  He added these facts to the second chain he received

which he promptly sent out again.  Frequently people have received

money.  Don Elliot got $63,000.00 but lost it because he broke

the chain.  Henrik Pave received a great message nine days
after 
he received this letter, general Walsh received the letter in

the Phillipines, received $775,000.00 but six days later lost

his life because he failedto circulate the chain.
 FOR NO REASON SHOULD THIS CHAIN BE BROKEN
 A Prayer       Trust in the Lord with
 all your heart and all will 
acknowledge that he will light the way.  This prayer has been

sent to you for good luck.  The original copy came from the

Netherlands.  It has been around the world ten times.  
The buck 
has been sent to you.  You are to receive the good luck in
four 
days after receiving this letter.  It is not a joke. 
You  will 
receive it in the mail.  Send 20 copies of this letter to

people you think need good luck.  Please do not send money,

do not keep this letter.  It must leave within 96 hours after

you receive it.  Please send 20 copies and then see what happens
 the fourth day 
after.  Add your name to the bottom of this list, leave off 
the 
top name when copying this letter.  You may add information 
about 
what happened to you if you ever received this chain before.
 Michael Potash                              
 Helga Just 
Karen Balloffet                              
 Mary Atkinsin 
Dick Freeman                                
 Shirley Johnson
                                  
 (turn)                                                                                                             
 (turn)
        1 st column                                                             
 2 nd column  Ken Nies                                        
 Marion Neville 
Lillian Collins                              
 Darlene Strotler 
Ronald McDonald                         
 Huntley Nicholas 
Juay Thomas                                 
 Carla Maria Wing 
                                                        
 Myrna Irish   last column  Sheila Williams 
Charles Johnson 
Margo Woods 
Cheryl Woods 
Gloria Eley