With Love ... All Things Are Possible 
   This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The
original is in New England. It has 
been around the World nine times. The luck has been sent to you. You will
receive 
good luck within four days of receiving this letter. Provided, in turn,
you send it on. This 
is NO joke. You will receive good luck in the mail. Send NO money. Send
copies to 
people you think need good luck. DO NOT send money, as faith has no price.
DO NOT 
keep this letter. It MUST leave your hands within 96 hours. An R.A.F. officer
has 
received $470,000. Joe Elliot received $40,000 and lost it because he
broke the chain. 
While in the Philippines, George Welsh lost his wife six days after receiving
this letter. 
He failed to circulate the letter. However, before her death, he received
$7,755,000. 
Please send twenty (20) copies and see what happens in four days. The
chain comes 
from Venezuela and is written by St. Anthony DeGran, a missionary from
South 
America. Since this copy must tour the world, you must make twenty copies
and send 
them to friends and associates. After a few days, you will get surprises. 
This is true, 
even if you are not superstitious. DO NOTE THE FOLLOWING: Constantine Diaz

received the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make twenty copies
and send 
them. A few days later he won the lottery of $2,000,000. Carlo Daddit, 
an office 
employee received a letter and forgot it had to leave his hands in 96
hours. He lost his 
job. Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty copies. A
few days later he 
got a better job. Darlene Fairchild received the letter and not believing,
threw the letter 
away. Nine days later she died. In 1987, the letter was received by a
young woman in 
California. It was faded and barely readable. She promised herself she
would retype 
the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do later. She was plagued
with various 
problems included expensive car repairs. The letter DID NOT leave her
hands in 96 
hours. She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car... I
have retyped it 
again today in 1995. 
   REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY. DO NOT IGNORE THIS. IT WORKS!

  
   St. Jude. 