WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for good luck. 
The original in 
England.  It has been around the world nine times.  The
luck has 
now been sent to you.  You will receive good luck within four

days of receiving this letter provided you, in return, send it on.
 This in no joke.  You will receive good luck
in the mail, SEND 
NO MONEY.  Send copies to people you think need good luck. Don't

send money as fate has no peace.  Do not keep this letter, It

must leave your hands in 96 hours.  An R.A.F. Officer received $470,000.00  John
Bilied received 
$40,000.00 and lost it because he broke the chain.
 While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost his wife,
51 days after 
receiving the letter.  He failed to circulate the letter.  
However 
before her death he received $7,555,000.00.  Please send twenty copies and see what happens
in four days.  The 
chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony de Group

a missionary from South America.  Since the copy must tour the
world 
you must make twenty copies and send them to friends and associates.

After a few days, you will get a suprise; this is true.  Even
if 
you are not superstitious.  Please note the following: Constantine Dias received
the chain in 
1955.  He asked his secretary to make twenty copies and send
them 
out.  A few days later he won a lottery of 16 million dollars.

Carlo Dauitt, an officer employee, received the letter and forgot

it has to leave his hands within 96 hours.  He lost his job.

Later, after finding the letter again, he mailed twenty copies.  
A 
few days later he got a better job.  Delan Fairchild received 
the 
letter and not believing, threw the letter away, nine days later

he died.  In 1987, the letter was received by a wealthy women
in California 
very faded and hardly readable . She promised herself that she

would re-type the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do

later.  She plagued with various problems including expensive 
car 
repairs.  The letter did not leave her hands within 96 hours. 
She 
finally re-typed the letter as promised and got a new car.
 This letter was received in 1989 by a women in
Sidney who re-typed 
it again as it was to be clearly readable.  This letter has been re-typed again in 1993 as
it was to be clearly 
readable.  REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY.  DO NOT KEEP THIS.
      St. Jude It Works.