To:                 
  This chain that comes from Venezuela was written by St. Antonio

De Sidi  a Missionary from South America. Since the chain
must  make a tour of the world, 
you must make twenty-four copies identical to this one and send 
it  to your friends parents 
or acquaintances. After a few days, you will get a surprise. 
  Constantine Visseo received 
the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make twenty -four
copies  and send them.A few 
days later he won the lottery of $ 2,000,000 in his country . Charles 
 Brandt , an office 
worker received the chain. He forgot it and lost it. Few days later 
 he lost his job, He 
found the letter, sent out twenty-four copies and nine days later 
 he got a better job. 
Zerim Berreball, received the chain , He did not believe in it
and  threw it away. Nine 
days later he died. Ned Freidspm, an artists, tried this chain, 
within  nine days he rec 
eived a great deal of help on projects and a major exhibition in
 a big  museum. He added 
these faces to the second chain he received , which he promply
sent  out  again .Frequently 
people have received money. Don Elliot got $ 63,000,00 but lost 
it  because he broke the ch 
. Henrik  received a great message nine days after he received
  this letter. General Walsh 
received the letter in the  Phillipines, received $ 7,775,000
  but six days later lost his 
life because he failed to circulate the chain.
 FOR NO REASON SHOULD THIS CHAIN BE BROKEN
 PRAYER;                 
  Trust in the Lord with all your heart and all will acknowledge that

he will light the way.                 
  This prayer has been sent to you for good luck, the original 
came from the Netherlands. It has been around the world ten times. 
 The luck has been 
sent to you; you are to receive the good luck 4 days after you
receive  thei letter. It 
is no a joke, you will receive it in the mail. 
               
  Send twenty copies of this letter to people you think need it good

luck. Please do not send money do not keet this letter. It must 
leave  within 96 
hours, after you receive it. Please send twenty copies and see
what  happens the 
4 day. After add your name to the bottom of this letter and leave 
 off the top name 
when coping  this letter, you may add information about what 
 happens to you ever re 
cieved this chain before. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Mary F. Folk, Jr.     
  Babbe Luck                 
  Daniel Mariece 
Mary T [?]            
  Norma Villanueva           
  Del Hodges 
Lisa Salsh            
  Loie Clark                 
  Elittit Maning 
Luis B. Garner        
  Jose E. Jacobs             
  Franscisco Lirarraga 
Patricia Paterson     
 Jacqueline Martin          
 Donald G. Acosta 
Bruce Hennescy        
S.  Vallibar                
  Jean Silvas 
Susan Pino            
  Dr. Jose Eaidossweder       Norma Sepulveda

Mariana               
  Sara Gail Wittman          
  Helen Peralta 
Jacqueline Tojalet     Antonio Goode              
  Mrs. Viola Torres 
                                                  
  Alice Salcido 
                                                  
  Emely Guzman 
                                                 
   Mary Rodriguez