Saint Jude 
        Kiss someone you love when
you get this letter and make magic.  With love all things are possible. 
This paper hs been sent to you for good luck.  The original is in New
England.  It has been around the world 10 times.  The luck has
been sent to you, you will receive good luck within four days of receiving
this letter, provided in turn you send it out.  This is no joke. 
Send no money. Send copies to people you think need luck.  Don't send
money.  Fate has no price.   Do not keep this letter, it must
leave your hands within 96 hours.  An R.A.H. officer received $470,000.  
Joe Elliot received $10,000, and lost it because he broke the chain.  
While in the Phillipines, Geno lost his wife 10 days after receiving this 
letter.  He had failed to circulate the letter.  However, before 
her death he received $77,000.  Please send copies and see what happens 
in four days.  The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by St. 
Anthony Degroup, a missionary from South America.  The copy must tour 
the world.  You must make 20 copies and send them to friends and associates.  
After a few days you will get a suprise.  This is true.  Even if
you are not superstitious.  Do note the following.  Coomealidens 
received the letter in 1953.  He asked his secretary to make 20 and send
them out.  A few days later he won the lottery of $2,000,000.  Carl
Dadit an office employee received the letter and forgot it had to leave his
hand within 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Delan Fairchild received
the letter and not believing threw the letter away: nine days later he died. 
In 1987 this letter was received  by a young woman in California. 
It was faded and barely readable.  She promised she would retype the
letter and send it out, but she put it off to do later.  She was plagued
with various problems and expensive car repairs.  The letter did not
leave her hands within 96 hours.  She finally retyped the letter as
promised and got a new car.  Remember, send no money.  Do not ignore
the letter.  It works.