WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This letter has been sent to you for good luck . The
original is in New 
England . It has been around the world nine times . The luck has been
sent 
to you . You will receive luck within four days of receiving this letter

providing you send it on. 
            This
is no joke . You will receive good luck in the mail, send no 
money , send copies to people you think need good luck . Do not send

money as fate has no price . Do not keep this letter . It must leave your

hands within 96 hours . 
          An RAF officer received
£ 70,000.00 
          John Elliot received
£10,000.00 and lost it because he broke the 
chain-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

          In the Philippines 
Gene Welch lost his wife six days after receiving 
the letter . He failed to circulate the letter . However before her death
he 
had received $7,773,000. 
          Please send 20
copies and see what happens in four days . The 
chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Samuel Arthur De- 
Group, a missionary from South America. Since the copy must make a

tour of the world you must mail a copy to friends and associates . After
a 
few days you will get a surprise . This is true even if you are not

superstitious.  DO NOTE THE FOLLOWING           
Constantine Oliver received the letter in 1953 . He had his secretary

make 20 copies and send them out . A few days later he won a lottery for

$20 million . Carlo Deddim , an office employee , received his letter and

forgot it had to leave within 96 hours - he lost his job . Later after
finding 
the letter he mailed 20 copies . A few days later he found a better job
. 
Nolan Fairchild received the letter and not believing it threw it away
. Nine 
days later she died . 
          In 1987 the letter
was received by a young lady in California was 
very faded and barely readable . She decided she would retype the letter

and send it on . But she put it aside to do later. She was suddenly plagued

with alot of automobile problems and expensive repair bills . The letter
did 
not leave her hands in 96 hours . She finally retyped the letter and sent
it 
on and won a new car within days .           
Remember send no money and DO NOT ignore this letter . For 
some strange reason it works. 
