TO:    Saint Jude WITH LOVE,   ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE 
   This paper has been sent to you for Good Luck. 
The original is in 
New England.   It has been around the world nine times!  
The luck 
has now been sent to you.  You will receive Good Luck within four

days of receiving this letter provided you, in turn, send it on.
 This is no joke.   You will re cive Good
Luck in the mail. SEND NO 
MONEY.  Send copies to people you think need Good Luck.  
DO NOT SEND 
MONEY,  AS FATE HAS NO PRICE TAG.   Do not
keep this letter: it must 
leave your hands within 96 hours.  Joe Elliot received $40,000 and lost it because he
broke the chain. 
While in the Philippines, Gene Welch lost his wife 51 days after 
receiving the letter. He had failed to circulate the letter. 
However, before her death he received $7,755,000.00.  Please send twenty copies and see what happens
in four days.  The 
chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul Anthony De 
Group, a missionary from South Africa.   Since the copy must
tour 
the world, you must make twenty copies and send them to friends 
and 
associates.  After a few days, you will get a surprise. This is

true!  Even if you are not superstitious.  Do note the following:   Constantine Dias
received the chain in 
1953.   He asked his secretary to make twenty copies and send
them 
out.   A few days later, he won a lottery of Two Million Dollars.

Carlo Dadditt, an office employee, received the letter and forgot 
it had to leave his hands within 96 hours.  HE LOST HIS JOB.  
Later 
after finding the letter, he got a better job.   Dalan Fairchild

received the letter and, not believing, threw the letter away - Nine

Days Later He Died!  In 1987, the letter received by a young woman in California,
was 
very faded and barely readable.   She promised herself that
she 
would retype the letter and send it on, but she put it aside to do

later.  She was plagued by various problems including expensive car

repairs.   The letter did not leave her hands in 96 hours.   
She 
finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car!  REMEMBER,  SEND NO MONEY  - 
DO NOT IGNORE THIS LETTER. 
IT WORKS!                                          
 THANK YOU,  SAINT JUDE.