WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The
original 
if in New England. It has been around the world the nine

times. The luck has been sent to you. You will receive 
good luck within four days of receiving this letter, 
provided in turn, you send it on. This is no joke. You 
will receive good luck in the mail. Send no money. Send

copies to people to who you think need good luck.  Do not

send money as faith has no price.   Do not keep this letter.

It must leave your hands within 96 hours.  An R.A.F. officer

received $470,000.  Joe Elliot received $40,000 and lost it

because he broke the chain.  While in the Philipines, George

Welsh lost his wife six days after receiving the letter.  He

failed to circulate the letter.  However; before her death,

he received $7,750,000.  Please send twenty copies and see

what happens in four days.  The chain comes from Venezuela

and is written by Saint Anthony De Grou, a missionary from

South America.  Since the copy must tour the world, you must

make twenty copies and send them to friends and associates.

After a few days you will get a surprise.  This is true even

if you are not superstitious.  Do note the following:

Constantine Dias received the chain in 1953.  He asked his

secretary to make twenty copies and send them.  A few days

after, he won a lottery of $2,000,000.  Carlo Daddit, an

office employee, received the letter and forgot it had to

leave his hands within 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Later,

after finding the letter again, he mailed 20 copies.  A few

days later, he got a better job.  Dallan Fairchild received

the letter and not believing, threw the letter away.  Nine

days later, he died.  In 1987, the letter was received by a

young woman in California.  It was very faded and barely

readable.  She promised herself she would retype the letter

and send. it on, but she put it aside to do later.  She was

plagued with various problems, including expensive car 
repairs.  The letter did not leave her hands in 96 hours.

She finally typed the letter as promised and got a new car.

REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY.  DO NOT IGNORE THIS.  IT WORKS.

   
   
                                                   
 John: 3:16