AND ALL THINGS YE SHALL ASK IN PRAYER 
                      
 BELIEVING, YE SHALL RECEIVE This quote has been sent to you for good luck.
 The original is from the Netherlands.  It
has been around the world 
nine (9) times.  The luck has now been brought to you.
 You will receive good luck within six (6) days
of receiving this 
letter, provided you in turn, send it back out.  This is no 
joke.  You 
will receive it in the mail.  Send copies of this letter to 
people you 
think need good luck.  DO NOT SEND MONEY, for fate has
 no price on it. 
Dot no keep this letter.  It must leave your hands 96 hours 
after you 
receive it.  An R.A.F. officer received $70,000.00 after he
sent this letter out. 
Joe Elliot received $450,000.00 and lost it because he broke the 
chain. 
While in the Phillipines, General Welch lost his life six (6) days

after he received this letter.  He failed to circulate this 
quote, 
however, before his death, he received $725,000.00.
 Please send 20 copies of this letter and see what
 happens to you on the 
sixth day.  This chain comes to you from Venezualea and was 
written by 
Soul Anthony DeVoid, a missionary from South America.  I myself

forwarded this to you, but it is sent annonymously to you.  
Since this 
chain makes a tour of the world, you must make 20 identical copies,

send it to your friends, relatives, and associates.  After
a  few days 
you will get a surprise.  This is true, even if you are not

superstitious.  Make note of the following:  Constaintinkus
 received the chain in 1959. 
He asked his secretary to make 20 copies and send them out. After
 a 
few days, he won a lottery for Twelve-Million Dollars, in his country.

Chad Dado-tian, office worker, received the chain and forgot about
 it. 
A few days later he lost his job.  He found the chain letter 
and sent 
it out to 20 people the next day, five (5) days after he got an
even 
better job.  For no reason should this chain be broken. 
 REMEMBER, SEND NO MONEY. 
Please don't ignore it, IT WORKS.                                          
 A FRIEND   