KISS SOMEONE YOU LOVE WHEN YOU GET THIS LETTER AND MAKE MAGIC.       With love, all things
are possible.  This paper has been 
sent to you for good luck.  The original is in New England.  
It 
has been around the world nine times.  The luck has been sent
to 
you.  You will receive good luck within four days of receiving

this letter, and you must, in turn, send luck.  This no joke.

Send no money.  Send copies to people you think need luck.  
Don't 
send money, as fate has no price.  Do not keep this letter.  
It 
must leave your hands within 96 hours.  A Pan American officer

got $170.000.  Joe Elliot received $70,000 and then lost it

because he broke the chain.  While in the Philippines, Cano Wach

lost his wife six days after receiving the letter.  He failed
to 
circulate the letter.  However, before her death, he received

$7,775.  Please send twenty copies and see what happens in four

days.  The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by Saul

Mhoney Degroup, a missionary from South America.  The copy must

tour the world.  You must make twenty copies and send them to

friends and associates.  And, in a few days you will get a

surprise.  This is true.  Even if you are not superstitious.  
Do 
state the following:  Contantine Dine received the chain in 1963.

He asked his secretary to make twenty copies, and send them out.

A few days later, he won the lottery of 20,000,000.  Carolo

Baddit, and office employee, received the letterand forgot it had

to leave his hands in 96 hours.  He lost his job.  Delan

Fairchild received the chain and not believing, threw it away.

Nine days later he died.  In 1987, the letter was received by
a 
young woman in California.  It was faded and barely readable.

She promised herself that she would retype the letter and send it

out, but she sat it aside, and was plagued with various problems.

The letter did not leave her hands in 96 hours.  She finally re-

typed the new letter, and got a new car.  Send no money.  
Do not 
ignore this letter.  IT WORKS!!