Kiss someone you love when you get this letter and make magic. 
With love, all things are possible. This paper has been sent to you
for  good luck. The original is in New England. It has been around the world
nine  times. The luck has been sent to you. You will receive good luck within
four  days of receiving this letter and you must in turn send luck. This
is the  universal law of energy--exchange. What you send out comes back to
you one  hundred fold. This is no joke. Send no money. Send copies of this
letter to people who need luck. Don't send money, as fate has no price. Do not keep
 this letter. It must leave your hands within 95 hours. A Pan Am officer
received  one hundred seventy thousand dollars. Joe Elliot received seventy
thousand  dollars and lost it be cause he broke the chain. While in the Philippines, 
 Cane Walch lost his wife six days after receiving this letter. He had failed 
 to circulate the letter. However, before her death, he received seven thousand 
 seven hundred and fifty-three dollars. Please send 20 copies and see what 
 happens within 4 days. The chain comes from Venezuela and was written by 
Saul Manthony Degroug, a missionary from South Africa. Since the copy must 
tour the world, you must make 20 copes and send them to friends and associates.
 After a few days, you will get a surprise. This is
true even if you are not superstitious. Please note the following: 
Constatine Dias r achieved the chain in 1983. He asked his secretary 
to make 20 copies and send them out. A few days after, he won the lottery 
of eighty-two thousand dollars. Cado Raddit, an officer employee, received 
the chain and not believing, threw the letter away. Nine days later he died.
 In 1987 the letter was received by a young woman in California. It was faded
 and barely readable. She promised herself that she would retype the letter
 and send it out. But, she put it aside. She was plagued with various problems.
 The letter did not leave her hands within 95 hours. She finally typed the
 letter and sent it out as required and she got a new car.  Send no money.  Do not ignore this letter. 
 It works.  Good luck.