Untitled



           Kiss someone you love
when you get this letter and
  make  magic.With love all things are possible. This paper
  has been sent to you for good luck, the original is in Eng-
  land.It has been around the world nine times. The luck has
  been sent to you. You will receive good luck withinfour days
   of receiving this letter and you must, in turn send luck.
  This is no joke; send no money. Send copies to people you
  think need luck. Do not send money, as fate has no price.
  Do not keep this letter. It must leave your hands within
  96 hours.
          A Pau Am officer received $470,000. 
Joe Elliot re-
  ceived #70,000 and lost it because he broke the chain. While
  in the Philippines, Cane Welch lost his wife six days after
  receiving this letter. He failed to circulate the letter.
  However before her death, received $7,775,PLEASE send 20
  copies and see what happens within four days.
          The chain comes from Venezuela and 
was written by
  Saul Anthony Degroup a missionary from South America. Since
  the copy must tour the world, you must make 20 copies and
  send them to friends and associates. After a few days, you
  will get a surprise. This is true.Even if you are not super-
  stitious, do note the following: Constastine Dias received
  the chain in 1953. He asked his secretary to make 20 copies
  and send them out. A few days later he won the lottery of
  2,000,000.Carl Baffi, an officeremployee received and forgot
  to leave his hands within 96 hours. He lost his job. Delon
  Fairchlid received the chain and not believing, he threw the
  letter away. Nine days later he died. In 1987, the letter
  was received by a woman inCalifornia. It was faxed and bare-
  ly readable. She promised herself that she would retype the
  letter and send it out. But she set it aside. She was 
  plagued with problems. The letter did not leave her hands
  within 96 hours. She finally typed the letter as promised
  and got a new car.

   Send no money. Do not ignore this letter. It really works.