WITH LOVE ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE This paper has been sent to you for good luck. The
original 
is in New England. It has been around the world nine times. 
The luck has been sent to you. You will receive good luck within 
four days of receiving this letter providing you in turn, sent 
It on. This is no joke. You will receive good luck in the mail. 
Send no money as faith has no price. Don't keep this letter. 
it must leave your hands in 96 hours. A.R.A.F. officer received 
$ 470,000. Joe Elliot received $ 40,000 and lost it because he 
didn't sent the copies. While in the Philpines, Gene Weld 
lost his wife 51 days after receiving the letter. He failed 
to circulate the letter. However, before her death, he received 
$7,775.00. Please send 20 copies and see what happens in four 
days. The letter came from Venezuela and was written by Saul 
Anthony De Czaup, a missionary from South America . Since a copy 
must tour the world, you must make 20 copies and send to friends 
and associates. After a few days, you will get a surprise. 
This is true. Even if you are not superstitious, do the
following. 
Constantine Diaz received the letter in 1953. He asked his 
secretary to make 20 copies and send them out. A few days later 
he won 2 million dollars in the lottery. Carlo Daditt, an officer 
employee, received the letter and forgot it had to leave his 
hands in 96 hours. He lost his job. Later, finding the letter 
again, he mailed 20 copies. A few days later, he got a better job.

Brian Fairchild received the letter and not believing it, 
threw the letter away. Nine days later he died. In 1987, the 
letter was received by a young woman in California. It was 
faded and barely readable. She promised herself she would retype 
the letter and send it on. But she put it aside to do later. 
She was plagued with with various problems including expensive car

repairs. The letter didn't leave her in 96 hours. She finally 
type the letter and mailed it and received a new car. 
REMEMBER SEND NO MONEY!  DO NOT IGNORE THIS                                                     
ST. JUDE