With Love All Things Are Possible

This paper ha been sent to you for good 
luck.  The original is in New England. It
has been sent around the world nine times. 
The luck has been sent to you. You will
receive good luck within four days of receiving 
this letter provided you in turn send 
it on.

This is no joke. You will receive good
luck. Don't send money, as fate has no price.
Do not keep this letter it must leave your 
hands within 96 hours.

A United States Air Force Officer received 
$470,000. John A. Elliot received
$40,000 and lost it because he broke the 
chain. While in the Philippines Gene Welch
lost his wife 51 days after receiving this 
letter, he failed to circulate the letter 
however, before her death he received $7,555,000.

Please send 20 copies and see what happens 
in four days. The chain comes from
Venezuela and was written by Saul De Crop, 
a missionary from South America.
Since the copy must tour the world, you 
must make 20 copies and send them to
friends and associates. After a few days 
you will get a surprise. This is true even if
you are not superstitious.

Do not do the following: Constantine Diaz 
received his letter in 1993, he asked his
secretary to make 20 copies and send them 
out, a few days later she won the lottery
  for two million dollars, Carlos Daddit, an office employee, received the 
letter and
forgot that it had to leave his hand within 
96 hours. He lost his job. Later after
finding the letter again, he mailed 20
copies. A few days later he got a better job.
Brain Fairchild received the letter and 
not believing, he threw the letter away. Nine
days later he died.

In 1997, the letter was received by a young 
woman in California it was very faded
and barely readable. She promised to type 
the letter over and send it on but she set
it aside to do it later. She was plague 
with various problems including expensive car
repairs. The letter did not leave her hands 
in 96 hours. She finally typed the letter
as promised and got a new car.

Remember; send no money.
DO NOT SIGN THIS LETTER!
IT WORKS!